In 2002, Godlight Theatre Company presented the New York Premiere adaptation of A Clockwork Orange at Manhattan Theatre Source. The production went on to play at the SoHo Playhouse (2002), Ensemble Studio Theatre (2004), 59E59 Theaters (2005) and the Edinburgh Festival Fringe (2005). While at Edinburgh, the production received rave reviews from the press while playing to sold-out audiences. The production was directed by Godlight's Artistic Director, Joe Tantalo.
Morning Prayer, corresponding to Matins, Lauds and Prime.
In 628 he was a part of the Muslim campaign to Khaybar.
Adam Weishaupt is referred to repeatedly in The Illuminatus! Trilogy, written by Robert Shea and Robert Anton Wilson, as the founder of the Illuminati and as an imposter who killed George Washington and took his place as the first president of the United States. Washington's portrait on the U.S. one-dollar bill is said to actually be Weishaupt's.
Shot noise is a type of electronic noise that occurs when the finite number of particles (such as electrons in an electronic circuit or photons in an optical device) is small enough to give rise to statistical fluctuations in a signal.
Although Communications no longer publishes primary research, and is not considered a prestigious venue, many of the great debates and results in computing history have been published in its pages.
The White Pass and Yukon Route runs between Alaska and the Yukon, via British Columbia.
Disraeli and the cabinet sent Salisbury as lead British representative to the Constantinople Conference, which met in December 1876 and January 1877.  In advance of the conference, Disraeli sent Salisbury private word to seek British military occupation of Bulgaria and Bosnia, and British control of the Turkish Army.  Salisbury ignored these instructions, which his biographer, Andrew Roberts deemed "ludicrous". Nevertheless, the conference failed to reach agreement with the Turks.
For case of single-stranded DNA/RNA units of nucleotides are used, abbreviated nt (or knt, Mnt, Gnt), as they are not paired.
The port side gun ports were closed, and the decks on that side were uncleared, with various stored items blocking access to the guns.  Brueys' dispositions had a second significant flaw: The 160-yard gaps between ships were large enough for a British ship to push through and break the French line. Furthermore, not all of the French captains had followed Brueys' orders to attach cables to their neighbours' bow and stern, which would have prevented such a manoeuvre. The problem was exacerbated by orders to only anchor at the bow, which allowed the ships to swing with the wind and widened the gaps. It also created areas within the French line not covered by the broadside of any ship. British vessels could anchor in those spaces and engage the French without reply. In addition, the deployment of Brueys' fleet prevented the rear from effectively supporting the van due to the prevailing winds.
He is the only person in television history to have won Emmys for Sports, News (Sandusky interview), and Entertainment (Later).
Murphy observes that the execution of a Jewish carpenter by Roman authorities is in and of itself an ordinary event and did not require divine action. On the contrary, for the crucifixion to occur, God had to limit or "empty" Himself. It was for this reason that Paul the Apostle wrote, in Philippians 2:5-8:
Although Central African CFA francs and West African CFA francs have always been at parity and have therefore always had the same monetary value against other currencies, they are in principle separate currencies. They could theoretically have different values from any moment if one of the two CFA monetary authorities, or France, decided it. Therefore, West African CFA coins and banknotes are theoretically not accepted in countries using Central African CFA francs, and vice versa. However, in practice, the permanent parity of the two CFA franc currencies is widely assumed.
This belief was still common among the Jews in New Testament times, as exemplified by the passage which relates the raising of Lazarus from the dead. When Jesus told Lazarus' sister, Martha, that Lazarus would rise again, she replied, "I know that he will rise again in the resurrection at the last day." 11:24 Also, one of the two main branches of the Jewish religious establishment, the Pharisees, believed in and taught the future resurrection of the body. Acts 23:1-8
The main catalyst for the development of chaos theory was the electronic computer. Much of the mathematics of chaos theory involves the repeated iteration of simple mathematical formulas, which would be impractical to do by hand. Electronic computers made these repeated calculations practical, while figures and images made it possible to visualize these systems. As a graduate student in Chihiro Hayashi's laboratory at Kyoto University, Yoshisuke Ueda was experimenting with analog computers and noticed, on Nov. 27, 1961, what he called "randomly transitional phenomena".  Yet his advisor did not agree with his conclusions at the time, and did not allow him to report his findings until 1970.
Blanding, Michael. ''The Coke Machine: The Dirty Truth Behind the World's Favorite Soft Drink.'' New York: Avery, 2010.
Mahin, Dean B. ''One War at a Time: The International Dimensions of the American Civil War''. Washington, DC: Brassey's, 2000. ISBN 978-1-57488-301-5. Originally published: Washington, DC: Brassey's, 1999.
In 1904, Gus Mears acquired the Stamford Bridge athletics stadium with the aim of turning it into a football ground. An offer to lease it to nearby Fulham was turned down, so Mears opted to found his own club to use the stadium. As there was already a team named Fulham in the borough, the name of the adjacent borough of Chelsea was chosen for the new club; names like Kensington FC, Stamford Bridge FC and London FC were also considered. Chelsea were founded on 10 March 1905 at The Rising Sun pub (now The Butcher's Hook), opposite the present-day main entrance to the ground on Fulham Road, and were elected to the Football League shortly afterwards.
In 2001, Cryonetworks disclosed information about Dune Generations, an online, 3D real-time strategy game set in the Dune universe. An official website for the upcoming game featured concept images, a brief background story and description of the persistent gameworld, and a list of frequently asked questions. The game would be constructed using Cryo's own online multimedia development framework SCOL.
European-style dominoes are traditionally made of bone or ivory, or a dark hardwood such as ebony, with contrasting black or white pips (inlaid or painted). Alternatively, domino sets have been made from many different natural materials: stone (e.g., marble, granite or soapstone); other hardwoods (e.g., ash, oak, redwood, and cedar); metals (e.g., brass or pewter); ceramic clay, or even frosted glass or crystal. These sets have a more novel look, and the often heavier weight makes them feel more substantial; also, such materials and the resulting products are usually much more expensive than polymer materials. 
Since the late 19th century, differential geometry has grown into a field concerned more generally with the geometric structures on differentiable manifolds. Differential geometry is closely related to differential topology and the geometric aspects of the theory of differential equations. The differential geometry of surfaces captures many of the key ideas and techniques characteristic of this field.
Gameplay consists of alternating rounds of Games B and C, with 12 ducks/targets per round instead of 10 and sometimes requires the player to shoot three ducks/targets at a time instead of two. In addition, the player is given a limited number of lives; every duck/target that is not hit costs one life. When all lives are gone, the game ends.
The Arab League headquarters is in Cairo, and the Secretary General of the League is traditionally an Egyptian. Former Egyptian Foreign Minister Nabil Araby is the present Secretary General of the Arab League. Egyptian Deputy Prime Minister Boutros Boutros-Ghali served as Secretary General of the United Nations from 1991 to 1996.
A linear equation with two variables has many (i.e. an infinite number of) solutions. For example:
Enjambment has a long history in poetry. Homer used the technique, and it is the norm for alliterative verse where rhyme is unknown. In the 32nd Psalm of the Hebrew Bible enjambment is unusually conspicuous. It was used extensively in England by Elizabethan poets for dramatic and narrative verse, before giving way to closed couplets. The example of John Milton in Paradise Lost laid the foundation for its subsequent use by the English Romantic poets; in its preface he identified it as one of the chief features of his verse: "sense variously drawn out from one verse into another".
In his surgery textbook Chirurgische Operationslehre, Kocher dedicated 141 pages of 1060 pages to surgery of the nervous system. It included methods of exploration and decompression of the brain.
Another feature of the West Flemish dialect is the conjugation of ja and nee (yes and no) to the subject of the sentence. This is somewhat related to the double subject, but even when the rest of the sentence isn't pronounced, ja and nee are generally pronounced together with the first part of the double subject. And there's also an extra word: toet (tut) which is used for negating the previous sentence but giving a positive answer.
A floorball game is officially played over three periods lasting 20 minutes each (15 minutes for juniors). The time is stopped in the case of penalties, goals, time-outs and any situation where the ball is not considered to be in play. The signal of a time out should be a triple sound. An intermission of 10 minutes (or maximum 15 minutes in some competitions) takes place between each period, where teams change ends and substitution areas. Each team is allowed one timeout of 30 seconds (which is often used late in matches). There are two referees to oversee the game, each with equal authority. If a game ends in a tie, teams play ten minutes extra, and the team that scores first wins.
See Fourier series for more information, including the historical development.
Electricity generation is one of the key factors in achieving the development of the Ghanaian national economy, with aggressive and rapid industrialization; Ghana's national electric energy consumption was 265 kilowatts per capita in 2009. Shortages of electricity have led to dumsor (blackouts), increasing the interest in renewables.
Green is a symbol of Ireland, which is often referred to as the "Emerald Isle". The color is particularly identified with the republican and nationalist traditions in modern times. It is used this way on the flag of the Republic of Ireland, in balance with white and the Protestant orange. Green is a strong trend in the Irish holiday St. Patrick's Day.
Several globular clusters (like M15) have extremely massive cores which may harbor black holes, although simulations suggest that a less massive black hole or central concentration of neutron stars or massive white dwarfs explain observations equally well.
Hee Haw's appeal, however, was not limited to a rural audience. It was successful in all of the major markets, including New York, Los Angeles, Boston, and Chicago. Other niche programs such as The Lawrence Welk Show (which targeted older audiences) and Soul Train (which targeted black  audiences) also rose to prominence in syndication during the era. Like Laugh-In, the show minimized production costs by taping all of the recurring sketches for a season in batches, setting up for the Cornfield one day, the Joke Fence on another day, etc. At the height of its popularity, an entire season's worth of shows would be taped in two separate week-long sessions, then individual shows were assembled from edited sections. Only musical performances were taped with a live audience; a laugh track was added to all other segments.
A Homeschool Cooperative is a cooperative of families who homeschool their children.  It provides an opportunity for children to learn from other parents who are more specialized in certain areas or subjects.  Co-ops also provide social interaction for homeschooled children.  They may take lessons together or go on field trips.  Some co-ops also offer events such as prom and graduation for homeschoolers.
As German law gives maximum pressures for every commercial caliber, the handloader is allowed to non-commercially give away his ammunition. He is liable for incorrect loading. His references are data-books by propellant manufacturers (like RWS), bullet manufacturers (like Speer), reloading tool manufacturers (like Lyman) or neutral institutions (like the DEVA). Firearms manufacturers give guarantee as long as the handloaded ammunition is within the correct parameters.
Examples of suitable materials, with their average nutritional contents tabulated in terms of percent dried mass, are listed in the following table.
Today, Milan and Turin are the nation's leaders in architectural design and industrial design. The city of Milan hosts Fiera Milano, Europe's largest design fair. Milan also hosts major design and architecture-related events and venues, such as the "Fuori Salone" and the Salone del Mobile, and has been home to the designers Bruno Munari, Lucio Fontana, Enrico Castellani and Piero Manzoni.
In 2011 Banks was featured on the BBC Radio 4 programme Saturday Live. Banks reaffirmed his atheism during his Saturday Live appearance, whereby he explained that death is an important "part of the totality of life" and should be treated realistically, instead of feared.
Baumann, Felix Andreas, Marianne Karabelnik-Matta, Jean Sutherland Boggs, and Tobia Bezzola (1994). ''Degas Portraits''. London: Merrell Holberton. ISBN 1-85894-014-1
All Islamic knowledge will be lost to the extent where people will not say "La Illaha Ila Allah" (There is no God, but God), but instead old people will babble without understanding "Allah, Allah".
''Titans' Daughter'' (Berkley G507 1961, Four Square 1963, Avon 1981) (expanded from "Beanstalk" (in ''Future Tense'', ed. K. F. Crossen, 1952)
One of the first 20th-century musicians who successfully helped reclaim Dowland from the history books was the singer-songwriter Frederick Keel. Keel included fifteen Dowland pieces in his two sets of Elizabethan love songs published in 1909 and 1913, which achieved popularity in their day. These free arrangements for piano and low or high voice were intended to fit the tastes and musical practices associated with art songs of the time.
In 1521, Kuwait was under Portuguese control. In the late 16th century, the Portuguese built a defensive settlement in Kuwait.
:Section of line between knot and the standing end (seen above).
A 2012 meta-analysis found evidence that a single dose of LSD in conjunction with various alcoholism treatment programs was associated with a decrease in alcohol abuse, lasting for several months, but no effect was seen at one year. Adverse events included seizure, moderate confusion and agitation, nausea, vomiting, and acting in a bizarre fashion.
Natasha has just come up to the window from the courtyard and opened it wider so that the air may enter more freely into my room. I can see the bright green strip of grass beneath the wall, and the clear blue sky above the wall, and sunlight everywhere. Life is beautiful. Let the future generations cleanse it of all evil, oppression and violence, and enjoy it to the full.
Alston's number was retired in the year following his retirement as the Dodgers manager, six years before he was inducted into the Hall of Fame.
On November 9, 2014  MTV Europe named Linkin Park the "Best Rock" act of 2014 at their annual music awards ceremony. The band won the 'Best Rock Band' and 'Best Live Act' titles of 2014 on Loudwire's Music Awards. Revolver ranked The Hunting Party as the fourth best album of 2014.
Metallurgy is a domain of materials science that studies the physical and chemical behavior of metallic elements, their intermetallic compounds, and their mixtures, which are called alloys.
The latest stable version is Mandriva Linux 2011 ("Hydrogen"), released on 28 August 2011.
If a mutation is present in a germ cell, it can give rise to offspring that carries the mutation in all of its cells. This is the case in hereditary diseases. In particular, if there is a mutation in a DNA repair gene within a germ cell, humans carrying such germline mutations may have an increased risk of cancer. A list of 34 such germline mutations is given in the article DNA repair-deficiency disorder. An example of one is albinism, a mutation that occurs in the OCA1 or OCA2 gene. Individuals with this disorder are more prone to many types of cancers, other disorders and have impaired vision. On the other hand, a mutation may occur in a somatic cell of an organism. Such mutations will be present in all descendants of this cell within the same organism, and certain mutations can cause the cell to become malignant, and, thus, cause cancer.
A study on Brahma Kumaris Raja yoga meditators showed them having higher happiness (Oxford happiness questionnaire) than the control group. Positive relationships have been found between the volume of gray matter in the right precuneus area of the brain and both meditation and the subject's subjective happiness score.
The term "multimedia" is also ambiguous. Static content (such as a paper book) may be considered multimedia if it contains both pictures and text or may be considered interactive if the user interacts by turning pages at will. Books may also be considered non-linear if the pages are accessed non-sequentially. The term "video", if not used exclusively to describe motion photography, is ambiguous in multimedia terminology. Video is often used to describe the file format, delivery format, or presentation format instead of "footage"  which is used to distinguish motion photography from "animation" of rendered motion imagery. Multiple forms of information content are often not considered modern forms of presentation such as audio or video. Likewise, single forms of information content with single methods of information processing (e.g. non-interactive audio) are often called multimedia, perhaps to distinguish static media from active media. In the Fine arts, for example, Leda Luss Luyken's  ModulArt brings two key elements of musical composition and film into the world of painting: variation of a theme and movement of and within a picture, making ModulArt an interactive multimedia form of art. Performing arts may also be considered multimedia considering that performers and props are multiple forms of both content and media.
Other researchers were studying UV-photolysis of water vapor with carbon monoxide. They have found that various alcohols, aldehydes and organic acids were synthesized in reaction mixture.
In 2004, Nintendo released the Nintendo DS, its fourth major handheld system. The DS is a dual screened handheld featuring touch screen capabilities, which respond to either a stylus or the touch of a finger. Former Nintendo president and now chairman Hiroshi Yamauchi was translated by GameScience as explaining, "If we can increase the scope of the industry, we can re-energise the global market and lift Japan out of depression - that is Nintendo's mission." Regarding lukewarm GameCube sales which had yielded the company's first reported operating loss in over 100 years, Yamauchi continued: "The DS represents a critical moment for Nintendo's success over the next two years. If it succeeds, we rise to the heavens, if it fails, we sink into hell." Thanks to titles such as Nintendogs and Mario Kart DS, the DS became a success. In 2005, Nintendo released the Game Boy Micro in North America, a redesign of the Game Boy Advance. The last system in the Game Boy line, it was also the smallest Game Boy, and the least successful. In the middle of 2005, Nintendo opened the Nintendo World Store in New York City, which would sell Nintendo games, present a museum of Nintendo history, and host public parties such as for product launches.
Minnesota notaries public are commissioned by the Governor with the advice and consent of the Senate for a five-year term.  All commissions expire on 31 January of the fifth year following the year of issue.  Citizens and resident aliens over the age of 18 years apply to the Secretary of State for appointment and reappointment.  Residents of adjoining counties in adjoining states may also apply for a notary commission in Minnesota.  Notaries public have the power to administer all oaths required or authorized to be administered in the state; take and certify all depositions to be used in any of the courts of the state; take and certify all acknowledgments of deeds, mortgages, liens, powers of attorney and other instruments in writing or electronic records; and receive, make out and record notarial protests.  The Secretary of State's website (https://notary.sos.state.mn.us/) provides more information about the duties, requirements and appointments of notaries public.
The basic element for time generation is a quartz crystal oscillator.  The quartz crystal is temperature compensated and is hermetically sealed in an evacuated envelope.  A calibrated adjustment capability is provided to adjust for the aging of the crystal.
The economic structure of the Empire was defined by its geopolitical structure. The Ottoman Empire stood between the West and the East, thus blocking the land route eastward and forcing Spanish and Portuguese navigators to set sail in search of a new route to the Orient. The Empire controlled the spice route that Marco Polo once used. When Vasco da Gama bypassed Ottoman controlled routes and established direct trade links with India in 1498, and Christopher Columbus first journeyed to the Bahamas in 1492, the Ottoman Empire was at its zenith.
Unlike many church fathers, he was never canonised as a saint because some of his teachings directly contradicted the teachings attributed to the apostles, notably the Apostles Paul and John.  His teachings on the pre-existence of souls, the final reconciliation of all creatures, including perhaps even the devil (the apokatastasis), and the subordination of God the Son to God the Father, were rejected by Christian orthodoxy.
"Base quantities are those quantities which are distinct in nature and cannot be expressed in the form of other quantities".  Base quantities are those quantities on the basis of which other quantities can be expressed. The seven base quantities of the International System of Quantities (ISQ) and their corresponding SI units and dimensions are listed in the following table. Other conventions may have a different number of base units (e.g. the CGS and MKS systems of units).
Ron Eyerman and Andrew Jamison, in Music and Social Movements: Mobilizing Tradition in the Twentieth Century (1998), take issue with what they consider Denisoff's reductive approach to the history and function of song (and particularly traditional song) in social movements. They point out that Denisoff had paid little attention to the song tunes of protest music, considered them strictly subordinate to the texts, a means to the message. It is true that in the highly text-oriented western European song tradition, tunes can be subordinate, interchangeable, and even limited in number (as in Portuguese fado, which only has 64 tunes), nevertheless, Eyerman and Jamison point out that some of the most effective protest songs gain power through their appropriation of tunes that are bearers of strong cultural traditions. They also note that:There is more to music and movements than can be captured within a functional perspective, such as Denisoff's, which focuses on the use made of music within already-existing movements. Music, and song, we suggest, can maintain a movement even when it no longer has a visible presence in the form of organizations, leaders, and demonstrations, and can be a vital force in preparing the emergence of a new movement. Here the role and place of music needs to be interpreted through a broader framework in which tradition and ritual are understood as processes of identity and identification, as encoded and embodied forms of collective meaning and memory.
Decentralized authority and increased independence of the Uniate Churches were aimed at in the Canon Law/Corpis Iuris Canonici (CIC) reform. In its new constitutions, Eastern Patriarchs were made almost independent from Rome (CIC Orientalis, 1957) Eastern marriage law (CIC Orientalis, 1949), civil law (CIC Orientalis, 1950), laws governing religious associations (CIC Orientalis, 1952) property law (CIC Orientalis, 1952) and other laws. These reforms and writings of Pius XII were intended to establish Eastern Orientals as equal parts of the mystical body of Christ, as explained in the encyclical Mystici corporis.
2014 saw the inaugural UK Pun Championships, at the Leicester Comedy Festival, hosted by Lee Nelson. The winner was Darren Walsh. The competition included the line "My computer's got a Miley Virus. It's stopped twerking." Walsh went on to take part in the O. Henry Pun-Off World Championships in Austin, Texas. In 2015 the UK Pun Champion was Leo Kearse.
According to some studies, the more often cannabis is used the more likely a person is to develop a psychotic illness, with frequent use being correlated with twice the risk of psychosis and schizophrenia. While cannabis use is accepted as a contributory cause of schizophrenia by some, it remains controversial, with pre-existing vulnerability to psychosis emerging as the key factor that influences the link between cannabis use and psychosis. Some studies indicate that the effects of two active compounds in cannabis, tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) and cannabidiol (CBD), have opposite effects with respect to psychosis. While THC can induce psychotic symptoms in healthy individuals, CBD may reduce the symptoms caused by cannabis.
The PLA Navy plans to establish three aircraft carrier battle groups by 2020.  The Liaoning and China's first domestically built carrier, currently under construction, will be part of the battle groups.  One of the battle groups is to be deployed in the East China Sea, while the other two are to be deployed to the South China Sea.
It is useful mainly in providing a qualitative understanding of the evolutionary processes of self-replicating macromolecules such as RNA or DNA or simple asexual organisms such as bacteria or viruses (see also viral quasispecies), and is helpful in explaining something of the early stages of the origin of life. Quantitative predictions based on this model are difficult because the parameters that serve as its input are impossible to obtain from actual biological systems. The quasispecies model was put forward by Manfred Eigen and Peter Schuster based on initial work done by Eigen.
Coherent microwave amplifiers operating above 1,000 watts microwave output, like travelling wave tubes and klystrons, require liquid coolant. The electron beam must contain 5 to 10 times more power than the microwave output, which can produce enough heat to generate plasma. This plasma flows from the collector toward the cathode. The same magnetic focusing that guides the electron beam forces the plasma into the path of the electron beam but flowing in the opposite direction. This introduces FM modulation which degrades Doppler performance. To prevent this, liquid coolant with minimum pressure and flow rate is required, and deionized water is normally used in most high power surface radar systems that utilize Doppler processing.
Beside streamlining the army, Augustus also regulated the soldiers' pay. At the same time, he greatly increased the number of auxiliaries to the point where they were equal in number to the legionaries. He also created the Praetorian Guard along with a permanent navy where served the liberti, or freed slaves.
In particle therapy (proton therapy being one example), energetic ionizing particles (protons or carbon ions) are directed at the target tumor. The dose increases while the particle penetrates the tissue, up to a maximum (the Bragg peak) that occurs near the end of the particle's range, and it then drops to (almost) zero. The advantage of this energy deposition profile is that less energy is deposited into the healthy tissue surrounding the target tissue.
Science fiction is largely based on writing rationally about alternative possible worlds or futures. It is related to, but different from fantasy in that, within the context of the story, its imaginary elements are largely possible within scientifically established or scientifically postulated physical laws (though some elements in a story might still be pure imaginative speculation).
Standardization has a variety of benefits for consumers, but one of the greatest benefits is enhanced network effects. Standards increase compatibility and interoperability between products, allowing information to be shared within a larger network and attracting more consumers to use the new technology, further enhancing network effects. Other benefits of standardization to consumers are reduced uncertainty, because consumers can be more certain that they are not choosing the wrong product, and reduced lock-in, because the standard makes it more likely that there will be competing products in the space. Consumers may also get the benefit of being able to mix and match components of a system to align with their specific preferences. Once these initial benefits of standardization are realized, further benefits that accrue to consumers as a result of using the standard are driven mostly by the quality of the technologies underlying that standard.
Between May 31 and 9 June 2008, representatives of Somalia's federal government and the moderate Alliance for the Re-liberation of Somalia (ARS) group of Islamist rebels participated in peace talks in Djibouti brokered by the former United Nations Special Envoy to Somalia, Ahmedou Ould-Abdallah. The conference ended with a signed agreement calling for the withdrawal of Ethiopian troops in exchange for the cessation of armed confrontation. Parliament was subsequently expanded to 550 seats to accommodate ARS members, which then elected Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed, the former ARS chairman, to office. President Sharif shortly afterwards appointed Omar Abdirashid Ali Sharmarke, the son of slain former President Abdirashid Ali Sharmarke, as the nation's new Prime Minister.
Having heard this, the sheep fled into the plain.
A Flash SMS is a type of SMS that appears directly on the main screen without user interaction and is not automatically stored in the inbox. It can be useful in emergencies, such as a fire alarm or cases of confidentiality, as in delivering one-time passwords.
Leaders of the PRC have further undermined the principle by publicly calling on the three branches to cooperate and be led by the executive.
In response to state laws trying to limit the scale of companies, Rockefeller and his associates developed innovative ways of organizing, to effectively manage their fast growing enterprise.  On January 2, 1882, they combined their disparate companies, spread across dozens of states, under a single group of trustees. By a secret agreement, the existing thirty-seven stockholders conveyed their shares "in trust" to nine Trustees: John and William Rockefeller, Oliver H. Payne, Charles Pratt, Henry Flagler, John D. Archbold, William G. Warden, Jabez Bostwick, and Benjamin Brewster. This organization proved so successful that other giant enterprises adopted this "trust" form.
Titan is suggested as a target for colonization, because it is the only moon in the Solar System to have a dense atmosphere and is rich in carbon-bearing compounds. Robert Zubrin identified Titan as possessing an abundance of all the elements necessary to support life, making Titan perhaps the most advantageous locale in the outer Solar System for colonization, and saying "In certain ways, Titan is the most hospitable extraterrestrial world within our solar system for human colonization".
Some localities located outside the city limits are also becoming outer suburbs, particularly in Ilinden and Petrovec municipality. They benefit from the presence of major roads, railways and the airport, located in Petrovec.
The concept of tradition, in early sociological research (around the turn of the 19th and 20th century), referred to that of the traditional society, as contrasted by the more modern industrial society. This approach was most notably portrayed in Max Weber's concepts of traditional authority and modern rational-legal authority. In more modern works, One hundred years later, sociology sees tradition as a social construct used to contrast past with the present and as a form of rationality used to justify certain course of action.
Mollier, Christine. ''Buddhism and Taoism Face to Face: Scripture, Ritual, and Iconographic Exchange in Medieval China''. (University of Hawai'i Press, 2008). ISBN 0-8248-3169-1.
In many cases, these early forms of public transport developed out of industrial haulage routes or from the omnibus that first ran on public streets, using the newly invented iron or steel rail or 'tramway'. These were local versions of the stagecoach lines and picked up and dropped off passengers on a regular route, without the need to be pre-hired. Horsecars on tramlines were an improvement over the omnibus as the low rolling resistance of metal wheels on iron or steel rails (usually grooved from 1852 on), allowed the animals to haul a greater load for a given effort than the omnibus and gave a smoother ride. The horse-drawn streetcar combined the low cost, flexibility, and safety of animal power with the efficiency, smoothness, and all-weather capability of a railway.
Gordon, Yefim and Vladimir Rigmant. ''Tupolev Tu-144.'' Hinckley, Leicestershire, UK: Midland, 2005. ISBN 978-1-85780-216-0.
"Clangers running around the planet!"
Tarr, David R. and Ann O'Connor. ''Congress A to Z'' (CQ Congressional Quarterly) (4th 2003) 605pp
In addition, there are combat support and service support modular brigades. Combat support brigades include aviation (CAB) brigades, which will come in heavy and light varieties, fires (artillery) brigades (now transforms to division artillery), and battlefield surveillance brigades. Combat service support brigades include sustainment brigades and come in several varieties and serve the standard support role in an army.
In art, vellum was used for paintings, especially if they needed to be sent long distances, before canvas became widely used in about 1500, and continued to be used for drawings, and watercolours. Old master prints were sometimes printed on vellum, especially for presentation copies, until at least the seventeenth century.
Woodhull railed against the hypocrisy of society's tolerating married men who had mistresses and engaged in other sexual dalliances. In 1872, Woodhull publicly criticized well-known clergyman Henry Ward Beecher for adultery. Beecher was known to have had an affair with his parishioner, Elizabeth Tilton, who had confessed to it, and the scandal was covered nationally. Woodhull was prosecuted on obscenity charges for sending accounts of the affair through the federal mails, and was briefly jailed. This added to sensational coverage during her campaign that fall for the United States presidency.
''Crossing's Guide to Dartmoor''. Plymouth, 1909. (Republished 1990, Peninsula Press, Newton Abbot, ISBN 1-872640-16-8)
Moore and Gibbons designed Watchmen to showcase the unique qualities of the comics medium and to highlight its particular strengths. In a 1986 interview, Moore said, "What I'd like to explore is the areas that comics succeed in where no other media is capable of operating", and emphasized this by stressing the differences between comics and film. Moore said that Watchmen was designed to be read "four or five times", with some links and allusions only becoming apparent to the reader after several readings. Dave Gibbons notes that, "as it progressed, Watchmen became much more about the telling than the tale itself. The main thrust of the story essentially hinges on what is called a macguffin, a gimmick ... So really the plot itself is of no great consequence ... it just really isn't the most interesting thing about Watchmen. As we actually came to tell the tale, that's where the real creativity came in."
Between October 10 and 13, both sides refrained from any large-scale actions, and the situation was relatively stable. Both sides launched small-scale attacks, and the Egyptians used helicopters to land commandos behind Israeli lines. Some Egyptian helicopters were shot down, and those commando forces that managed to land were quickly destroyed by Koah Patzi, a twelve-man squad consisting of officers from the Sayeret Shaked unit. In one key engagement on October 13, Koah Patzi destroyed a particularly large incursion and killed close to a hundred Egyptian commandos.
200 armed Indians attack the Jamestown settlement, killing 2 and wounding 10.
Pericles had such a profound influence on Athenian society that Thucydides, a contemporary historian, acclaimed him as "the first citizen of Athens". Pericles turned the Delian League into an Athenian empire, and led his countrymen during the first two years of the Peloponnesian War. The period during which he led Athens, roughly from 461 to 429 BC, is sometimes known as the "Age of Pericles", though the period thus denoted can include times as early as the Persian Wars, or as late as the next century. Pericles promoted the arts and literature; it is principally through his efforts that Athens holds the reputation of being the educational and cultural center of the ancient Greek world. He started an ambitious project that generated most of the surviving structures on the Acropolis (including the Parthenon). This project beautified and protected the city, exhibited its glory, and gave work to the people. Pericles also fostered Athenian democracy to such an extent that critics call him a populist.
On April 20, 2016, U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew announced plans to add Tubman to the front of the twenty-dollar bill, moving President Andrew Jackson, a slave owner, to the rear of the bill. Lew instructed the Bureau of Engraving and Printing to expedite the redesign process, though the new bill will not enter circulation until after 2020.
On 3 February 2013 at the FOSDEM talk in Brussels, Alexandre Julliard demonstrated an early demo of Wine running on Google's Android operating system.
Consumption of the minor millets has been practiced since the beginning of the ancient civilizations of the world. Generally, the millets are small-grained, annual, warm-weather cereals belonging to grass family. They are highly tolerant to extreme weather conditions such as drought and are nutritious compared to the major cereals such as rice and wheat. They contain low phytic acid and are rich in dietary fiber, iron, calcium, and B vitamins. Moreover, these millets release sugar slowly in the blood and also diminish the glucose absorption. These properties of the minor millets made the present consumers attracted to the consumption of millet. 
The game is a simple race contest based on sheer luck, and is popular with young children. The historic version had root in morality lessons, where a player's progression up the board represented a life journey complicated by virtues (ladders) and vices (snakes). A commercial version with different morality lessons, Chutes and Ladders, is published by Milton Bradley.
In defense, the New Englander embraced the insulting term "Yankee". The great majority of Yankees gravitated toward the burgeoning cities of the American Northeast, while wealthy New Englanders also sent ambassadors to frontier communities where they became influential bankers and newspaper printers. Using their influence in positive ways, they introduced the term "Universal Yankee Nation" to represent and proselytize their hopes for national and global influence.
''changeable'', i.e. if necessary, changes may be made to the theory as new data are discovered;
Year 1276 (MCCLXXVI) was a leap year starting on Wednesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.
On 30 December 1915 an Austrian air raid on Thessaloniki alarmed many town civilians and killed at least one person, and in response the Allied troops based there arrested the German and Austrian and Bulgarian and Turkish vice-consuls and their families and dependents and put them on a battleship, and billeted troops in their consulate buildings in Thessaloniki.
Non-nuclear electromagnetic pulse (NNEMP) weapons.
Wafers are cleaned with weak acids to remove unwanted particles, or repair damage caused during the sawing process. When used for solar cells, the wafers are textured to create a rough surface to increase their efficiency. The generated PSG (phosphosilicate glass) is removed from the edge of the wafer in the etching.
Replacement cost: This cost is the cost at which existing items of material or fixed assets can be replaced. Thus this is the cost of replacing existing assets at present or at a future date.
A user of a website clicking on a "keep me informed of future updates" box may trigger a call to an asynchronous method of the session bean to add the user to a list in the company's database (this call is asynchronous because the user does not need to wait to be informed of its success or failure).
The Solent is a major shipping lane for passenger, freight and military vessels. It is an important recreational area for water sports, particularly yachting, hosting the Cowes Week sailing event annually. It is sheltered by the Isle of Wight and has a complex tidal pattern, which has benefited Southampton's success as a port, providing a "double high tide" that extends the tidal window during which deep-draught ships can be handled. Portsmouth lies on its shores. Spithead, an area off Gilkicker Point near Gosport, is known as the place where the Royal Navy is traditionally reviewed by the monarch of the day.
Zoroastrianism festivals were originally held outside in the open air; temples were not common until later. Most of the temples were built by wealthy Parsis who needed centers that housed purity. As stated before, fire is considered to represent the presence of Ahura Mazda, and there are two distinct differences for the types of fire for the different temples. The first type of temple is the Atash Behram, which is the highest level of fire. The fire is prepared for an entire year before it can be installed, and once it is, it is cared for to the highest possible degree. There are only eight such temples located within India. The second type of fire temple is called a Dar-i Mihr, and the preparation process is not as intense. There are about 160 of these located throughout India.
Circe's this craft, the trim-coifed goddess.
Washington-Williams died on February 4, 2013, in Columbia, South Carolina, at age 87.
Sovereignty principles can rely upon what is better known as Access and Benefit Sharing Agreements (ABAs). The Convention on Biodiversity implies informed consent between the source country and the collector, to establish which resource will be used and for what and to settle on a fair agreement on benefit sharing.
The order of succession of the U.S. Department of Transportation is as follows :
On his death, Bentham left manuscripts amounting to an estimated 30 million words, which are now largely held by UCL's Special Collections (c. 60,000 manuscript folios), and the British Library (c.15,000 folios).
Whilst at Craiglockhart, he made friends in Edinburgh's artistic and literary circles, and did some teaching at the Tynecastle High School, in a poor area of the city. In November he was discharged from Craiglockhart, judged fit for light regimental duties. He spent a contented and fruitful winter in Scarborough, North Yorkshire, and in March 1918 was posted to the Northern Command Depot at Ripon. While in Ripon he composed or revised a number of poems, including "Futility" and "Strange Meeting". His 25th birthday was spent quietly at Ripon Cathedral, which is dedicated to his namesake, St. Wilfrid of Hexham.
In mobile operating systems, Google Play consumes Android application package (APK) package format while Windows Store uses APPX and XAP formats. (Both Google Play and Windows Store have eponymous package managers.)
The sign languages used in Australia and New Zealand, Auslan and New Zealand Sign Language, respectively, evolved largely from 19th century BSL, and all retain the same manual alphabet and grammar and possess similar lexicons. These three languages may technically be considered dialects of a single language (BANZSL) due to their use of the same grammar and manual alphabet and the high degree of lexical sharing (overlap of signs). The term BANZSL was coined by Trevor Johnston and Adam Schembri.
In the United States, the principal regulator of commodity and futures markets is the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC). The National Futures Association (NFA) formed in 1976 and is the futures industry's self-regulatory organization. The NFA's first regulatory operations began in 1982 and fall under the Commodity Exchange Act of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission Act.
Extensibility in the form of user-defined functions.
The Federal Bureau of Prisons operates the Federal Correctional Institution (FCI) Phoenix which is within the city limits, near its northern boundary.
Upon Newman's death, the Italian newspaper (a "semi-official" paper of the Holy See) L'Osservatore Romano published a notice lauding Newman's philanthropy. It also commented that "Newman was a generous heart, an actor of a dignity and style rare in Hollywood quarters."
an expression of a need by decision-makers to anticipate harm before it occurs. Within this element lies an implicit reversal of the onus of proof: under the precautionary principle it is the responsibility of an activity-proponent to establish that the proposed activity will not (or is very unlikely to) result in significant harm.
Jean Lafitte and his privateers aided US General Andrew Jackson in the defeat of the British in the Battle of New Orleans in order to receive full pardons for their previous crimes. Jackson formally requested clemency for Lafitte and the men who had served under him, and the US government granted them all a full pardon on February 6, 1815.
The first part of Louis' reign was marked by attempts to reform France in accordance with Enlightenment ideas. These included efforts to abolish serfdom, remove the taille, and increase tolerance toward non-Catholics. The French nobility reacted to the proposed reforms with hostility, and successfully opposed their implementation. Louis implemented deregulation of the grain market, advocated by his liberal minister Turgot, but it resulted in an increase in bread prices. In periods of bad harvests, it would lead to food scarcity which would prompt the masses to revolt. From 1776 Louis XVI actively supported the North American colonists, who were seeking their independence from Great Britain, which was realized in the 1783 Treaty of Paris.
In tribute to the influence of the song and the movie that launched its popularity, the March 29, 2005 50th anniversary of the opening of Blackboard Jungle was marked by several large celebrations in the United States organized by promoter Martin Lewis under the blanket title "Rock Is Fifty". Rock Is Fifty also hosted additional celebrations in Los Angeles in July, 2005, as part of a "Rock Around the Clock-a-Thon" to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the date the song reached the No. 1 spot on the American charts, as well as to observe what would have been Haley's 80th birthday. These events included numerous appearances and performances by surviving members of the original Comets, including the band's induction into the Rock Walk hall of fame, a performance at the Viper Room club on the Sunset Strip, and a special performance for employees of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena to celebrate the success of the Deep Impact space probe. A special video of "Rock Around the Clock" was created to mark the occasion and was featured on NASA's website during July and August 2005.  The anniversary was also marked by the publication of a book entirely devoted to the history of the song, Rock Around the Clock: The Record That Started the Rock Revolution, by Jim Dawson.
Stanhope, Phillip Henry, Lord Mahon. ''History of England From the Peace of Utrecht to the Peace of Versailles.'', Boston, 1853, Vol.III.
The music for Final Fantasy VII was composed, arranged, and produced by Nobuo Uematsu. Instead of using recorded music and sound effects for the game, Uematsu opted for sequenced audio (similar to MIDI), using the PlayStation's internal sound chip. Final Fantasy VII was the second game in the series (after Final Fantasy VI) to include a track with sampled vocals; with "One-Winged Angel", which has been described as Uematsu's "most recognizable contribution" to the music of the Final Fantasy series. Uematsu said the soundtrack has a feel of "realism", which prevented him from using "exorbitant, crazy music."
Surf lifesaving originated in Australia in 1907 in response to drownings at local beaches in Sydney. Such groups became necessary following the relaxing of laws prohibiting daylight bathing on Australian beaches. Volunteer groups of men were trained in life saving methods and patrolled the beaches as lifesavers looking after public safety.
In 1995, Nimoy was involved in the production of Primortals, a comic book series published by Tekno Comix about first contact with aliens, which had arisen from a discussion he had with Isaac Asimov. There was a novelization by Steve Perry.
In 1995 the game was revamped and re-released as Rolemaster Standard System (RMSS). The biggest changes were to Character Generation, particularly in the number of skills available and the way bonuses for the skills were calculated. Skills were now grouped into Categories of similar skills and one could buy ranks separately in the Category and the actual Skill. Also the combat sequence was revised again, and some of the details of spellcasting were changed. The way Spell Lists were learned was completely overhauled and most of the Spell lists were adjusted and rebalanced. The actual method of attacking and adjudicating damage did not change much, and there weren't much more than cosmetic changes to the stats for Creatures and Monsters.
A soundtrack album was first released in 1993, titled "Music from the Television Series Quantum Leap", dedicated to John Anderson, who played Pat Knight in "The Last Gunfighter." It was released by GNP Crescendo on CD and cassette tape.
By that boys should suffer corporal punishment, though it is received by custom, and Chrysippus makes no objection to it, I by no means approve; first, because it is a disgrace, and a punishment fit for slaves, and in reality (as will be evident if you imagine the age change) an affront; secondly, because, if a boy's disposition be so abject as not to be amended by reproof, he will be hardened, like the worst of slaves, even to stripes; and lastly, because, if one who regularly exacts his tasks be with him, there will not be the need of any chastisement... Besides, after you have coerced a boy with stripes, how will you treat him when he becomes a young man, to whom such terror cannot be held out, and by whom more difficult studies must be pursued? Add to these considerations, that many things unpleasant to be mentioned, and likely afterwards to cause shame, often happen to boys while being whipped, under the influence of pain or fear; and such shame enervates and depresses the mind, and makes them shun people's sight and feel constant uneasiness ... scandalously unworthy men may abuse the privilege of punishing, and what opportunity also the terror of the unhappy children may sometimes afford others. (Quintilian, Institutes of Oratory, 1856 edition, I, III)
"These late eclipses in the sun and moon" which relates to the lunar eclipse of 27 September 1605 and the solar eclipse of 2 October 1605.
Rhubarb leaves contain poisonous substances, including oxalic acid, which is a nephrotoxic and corrosive acid that is present in many plants. Humans have been poisoned after ingesting the leaves, a particular problem during World War I when the leaves were mistakenly recommended as a food source in Britain. The toxic rhubarb leaves have been used in flavoring extracts, after the oxalic acid is removed by treatment with precipitated chalk.
In his novels the Potteries are referred to as "the Five Towns"; Bennett felt that the name was more euphonious than "the Six Towns" so Fenton was omitted. The real towns and their Bennett counterparts are:
Tashkent was settled by ancient people as an oasis on the Chirchik River, near the foothills of the West Tian Shan Mountains. In ancient times, this area contained Beitian, probably the summer "capital" of the Kangju confederacy.
Hospital del Maestro (Teachers Hospital): Located in Hato Rey, this hospital is operated by the Puerto Rico Teachers Association.
Polling data in the last few years have consistently cited medicare as among the most important political issues in the minds of Canadian voters. Along with peacekeeping, medicare was found, based on a CBC poll, to be among the foremost defining characteristics of Canada. 
Stratford-upon-Avon Rugby Club is situated on Loxley Rd at their home ground Pearcecroft. The club currently fields three senior sides and a colts team with the 1st XV currently play in Midlands 1 (West). The club boasts one of the largest mini and junior sections in the country.
In September 2010, the staff of KCST-FM in Florence, Oregon noticed that the station's EAS equipment would repeatedly unmute as if receiving an incoming EAS message several times a week. During each event, which was relayed from KKNU in Springfield, the same commercial advertisement for ARCO/BP gasoline could be heard, along with the words "This test has been brought to you by ARCO". Further investigation by the primary station transmitting the commercial revealed that the spot had been produced using an audio clip of an actual EAS header which had been modified to lower the header's volume and presumably prevent it from triggering false positive alert reactions in EAS equipment. The spot was distributed nationally, and after it had once been identified as the source of the false EAS equipment trips, various stations around the country reported having had similar experiences. After a widespread notification by the Society of Broadcast Engineers was issued, ARCO's ad agency withdrew the commercial from airplay.
Frankie Manning and other Savoy dancers saw themselves as doing Charleston steps within the Lindy rather than to be dancing Charleston.
The refugees from India were mostly Urdu speakers, and although the official language of Sindh was Sindhi, many schools in big cities of Sindh and switched to Urdu schools.
All episodes of this version are intact, along with all five Bert Convy pilots. GSN aired this version as recently as 2004, and the VH1 miniseries Game Show Moments Gone Bananas aired a clip from a Convy pilot, as well as a clip with Ross Shafer. GSN aired one of the Convy pilots on December 25, 2012, as part of a Match Game marathon.
The International Center for Lightning Research and Testing (ICLRT) at Camp Blanding, Florida typically uses rocket triggered lightning in their research studies.
Lexical resolution can be determined at compile time, and is also known as early binding, while dynamic resolution can in general only be determined at run time, and thus is known as late binding.
As though she bid me stay by her a week.
Exacerbating these issues, columbids are not well represented in the fossil record. No truly primitive forms have been found to date. The genus Gerandia has been described from Early Miocene deposits of France, but while it was long believed to be a pigeon, it is now considered a sandgrouse. Fragmentary remains of a probably "ptilinopine" Early Miocene pigeon were found in the Bannockburn Formation of New Zealand and described as Rupephaps; "Columbina" prattae from roughly contemporary deposits of Florida is nowadays tentatively separated in Arenicolumba, but its distinction from Columbina/Scardafella and related genera needs to be more firmly established (e.g. by cladistic analysis). Apart from that, all other fossils belong to extant genera. For these, and for the considerable number of more recently extinct prehistoric species, see the respective genus accounts.
Pole, Jack P. and J.R. Pole. ''A Companion to the American Revolution'' (2003)
Frink often appears in the Treehouse of Horror Halloween episodes of The Simpsons, which are not accepted as canon and always take place outside the normal continuity of the show. Frink's bizarre inventions and understanding of advanced physics usually fit well into these supernatural plotlines. In "Treehouse of Horror VIII", Bart enters Frink's matter teleporter and - echoing the film The Fly - it results in an accidental mix between Bart's genes and the genes of a housefly that was also present in the transporter at the same time. In "Treehouse of Horror XIV", it is revealed that Frink had a father who was killed by a shark, whom he brings back to life in the episode by piecing together his body parts. Unfortunately, the man decides to steal body parts to improve himself after he is revived. In the latter episode, Frink is awarded a Nobel Prize.
There are many unconfirmed stories about Henderson. A Padres teammate (variously reported as Steve Finley or Tony Gwynn) once offered him a seat anywhere on the bus, saying that Henderson had tenure. Henderson supposedly replied, "Ten years? What are you talking about? Rickey got 16, 17 years."  One widely reported story was a fabrication that began as a clubhouse joke made by a visiting player. While playing for Seattle in 2000, Henderson was said to have commented on first baseman John Olerud's practice of wearing a batting helmet while playing defense, noting that a former teammate in Toronto did the same thing. Olerud was reported to have replied, "That was me." The two men had been together the previous season with the 1999 Mets, as well as with the 1993 World Champion Blue Jays. Several news outlets originally reported the story as fact.
To make his boule come to rest in a particular spot, usually as close as possible to the jack. This is called ''pointing''. 
One insoluble fiber, resistant starch from high-amylose corn, has been used as a supplement and may contribute to improving insulin sensitivity and glycemic management as well as promoting regularity and possibly relief of diarrhea.  One preliminary finding indicates that resistant corn starch may reduce symptoms of ulcerative colitis.
On March 11, 2002, 88 searchlights were installed and arranged to form two beams of light shooting straight up into the sky. This is called the Tribute in Light, and was originally lit every day at dusk until April 14, 2002. After that, the lights were lit on the two-year anniversary of the attack and have been lit on each subsequent September 11 since then.
The representation from Lewes wards at local government levels, as at the latest elections (2015 for the Town and District Councils and 2013 for the County Council), is as follows.
Anem is now known as Jenin.
Peterson, E. B., R. D. Kabzems, and V. M. Levson. ''Terrain and Vegetation Along the Victoria Island Portion of a Polar Gas Combined Pipeline System''. Sidney, B.C.: Western Ecological Services, 1981.
Afterwards, the Second United Front completely broke down and Chinese Communists leader Mao Zedong outlined the preliminary plan for the CPC's eventual seizure of power from Chiang Kai-shek. Mao began his final push for consolidation of CPC power under his authority, and his teachings became the central tenets of the CPC doctrine that came to be formalized as "Mao Zedong Thought". The communists also began to focus most of their energy on building up their sphere of influence wherever opportunities were presented, mainly through rural mass organizations, administrative, land and tax reform measures favoring poor peasants; while the Nationalists attempted to neutralize the spread of Communist influence by military blockade of areas controlled by CPC and fighting the Japanese at the same time
Just as English troops were not particularly successful, the French troops found themselves in a better strategic position. But the poor financial situation of the French government and internal turmoil in the French kingdom prevented any military reinforcements from being sent. When the Bishop of Valence and Charles de La Rochefoucault, sieur of Randan, sent by the king to negotiate, arrived in Scotland, they were treated almost like prisoners. With Marie of Guise shut up in an Edinburgh fortress, the two men were forced to negotiate a peace that was disadvantageous to France. On 6 July 1560, they signed the Treaty of Edinburgh, which ended French occupation of Scotland. Francis II and Mary Stuart had to withdraw French troops and stop displaying England's arms.
Infant mortality rate (IMR) is not only a group of statistic but instead it is a reflection of the socioeconomic development and effectively represents the presence of medical services in the countries. IMR is an effective resource for the health department to make decision on medical resources reallocation. IMR also formulates the global health strategies and help evaluate the program success. The existence of IMR helps solve the inadequacies of the other vital statistic systems for global health as most of the vital statistic systems usually neglect the infant mortality statistic number from the poor. There are certain amounts of unrecorded infant deaths in the rural area as they do not have information about infant mortality rate statistic or do not have the concept about reporting early infant death.
Evidence of Adandozan after the coup are not clear but there were reports in the 1860s that he was left alive and lived until 1861 (three years after Ghezo). He lived much of his later life confined to the palaces, while his descendents changed their name to avoid association, and when he died he was buried quickly but with full royal honors. Historian Edna Bay writes that after the coup "Adandozan suffered a bizarre punishment that was perhaps worse than assassination--to watch history be reworked as though he had never lived."
The first English-language rendering of Bruno Bauer's career was published in March, 2003 by Douglas Moggach, a professor at the University of Ottawa.  His book is entitled, The Philosophy and Politics of Bruno Bauer.  Professor Moggach develops a republican interpretation of Bruno Bauer, in which Bauer is portrayed as reaching atheist conclusions because of his political commitments to free self-consciousness and autonomy, and his criticisms of the Restoration union of church and state.  Other scholars continue to dispute that portrait.
South Florida newspaper Sun-Sentinel has an extensive list of documented criticisms of FEMA during the four hurricanes that hit the region in 2004.
The Japan Football League, the current Japanese third division, uses the Promotion/Relegation Series only when the number of clubs in the league needs to be filled with clubs from the Japanese Regional Leagues.
For networked computers that have user profiles enabled, Windows 98 introduces Microsoft Family Logon which lists all users that have been configured for that computer, enabling users to simply select their names from a list rather than having to type it in. The same feature can be added to Windows 95 if Internet Explorer 4.0 is installed.
There is a debate over the extent to which software patents should be granted, if at all. Important issues concerning software patents include:
The Arrandale-based Celeron P4xxx and U3xxx lines are low-end versions of the Pentium P6xxx and U5xxx lines, originally released as the mobile dual-core lines of Core i3/i5/i7. Like the Clarkdale-based Celeron G1xxx, they use 2 MB of L3 cache, which is the amount that the earlier "Penryn" based CPUs used in the Pentium brand as their L2 cache. Like all Arrandale processors, the Celeron P4xxx and U3xxx use an integrated graphics core.
At the same time that DECnet Phase IV was released, the company also released a proprietary protocol called LAT for serial terminal access via Terminal servers. LAT shared the OSI physical and datalink layers with DECnet and LAT terminal servers used MOP for the server image download and related bootstrap processing.
Advertisers use proxy servers for validating, checking and quality assurance of geotargeted ads. A geotargeting ad server checks the request source IP address and uses a geo-IP database to determine the geographic source of requests. Using a proxy server that is physically located inside a specific country or a city gives advertisers the ability to test geotargeted ads.
In July of 1998, Tusculum College was admitted as a member of the league, and Lincoln Memorial University began play in the conference in the 2006-07 academic year. Brevard College was admitted to the SAC as a provisional member in 2007 and a full member in 2008.
Reina Beatrix School in Aruba.
Soissons enters written history under its Celtic name (as later borrowed in Latin), Noviodunum, meaning "new hillfort". At Roman contact, it was a town of the Suessiones, mentioned by Julius Caesar (B. G. ii. 12). Caesar (B.C. 57), after leaving the Axona (modern Aisne), entered the territory of the Suessiones, and making one day's long march, reached Noviodunum, which was surrounded by a high wall and a broad ditch. The place surrendered to Caesar.
Tina Turner (born November 26, 1939), born Anna Mae Bullock, is an American-born Swiss recording artist, dancer, actress and author, whose career has spanned more than fifty years, earning her widespread recognition and numerous awards. Born and raised in the Southeastern United States, Turner obtained Swiss citizenship in 2013 and relinquished her American citizenship.
Prior to 2009, TSN, a basic-cable sports channel in Canada, held the Canadian broadcast rights to most HBO boxing events, often airing them live (with ads inserted between rounds) if they did not conflict with other sports properties on the channel. Since January 2009, HBO World Championship Boxing, and other HBO boxing events, have aired live on HBO Canada with later repeats on TSN.
In July 2010, DeLaria's version of "All That Jazz" was used on So You Think You Can Dance. DeLaria is currently performing in Prometheus Bound at The American Repertory Theater in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
There are many theories as to how and in which era the outcaste communities came into existence. For example, it is disputed whether society started ostracizing those who worked in tainted occupations or whether those who originally dropped out of society were forced to work in tainted occupations.
Nancy de Grummond offers a different view. The relief on the sarcophagus of Laris Pulenas at Tarquinia, shows two Charuns swinging their hammers at a person's head, though the head (probably that of Pulenas, the nobleman whose sarcophagus it is) no longer survives in the relief due to an accident of preservation. Years later, in the Colosseum, a Charun-like figure called Dispater would hit the loser with a hammer to make sure he was dead, perhaps in reflection of Charun. The hammer might also be used to protect the dead; it is sometimes swung at serpents attacking the deceased (as shown on the Orvieto amphora). Most often it is simply held, or the handle planted on the ground and the mallet head leaned upon (above). De Grummond notes that the ferry of Charon appears only once in surviving Etruscan art, and that some Etruscan demons are equipped with oars, but they typically use them as weapons rather than in their maritime function.
The most ductile metal is platinum and the most malleable metal is gold.
As with the subject prefix, the third person prefixes also agree with their antecedents in person. The personal object prefixes are:
The Screen Gems closing logo was removed from episodes for the first three seasons on DVD.
The Clef Hangers (also known as the Clefs) are the university's oldest a cappella group, founded by Barry Saunders in 1977. The group has since won several Contemporary A Cappella Recording Awards (CARAs), including Best Soloist in the song Easy, featured on the 2003 album Breeze. They have won two more CARAs for Best Male Collegiate Songs for My Love on Time Out (2008), and for Ain't Nothing Wrong on Twist (2009). Members have included Brendan James, who graduated in 2002, and Anoop Desai, who graduated in 2008. Since the spring of 2002, the Clef Hangers have sung each year at Commencement. They hold fall and spring concerts, sometimes featuring special guests.
Amazon.com announced on October 11, 2016 that they are planning to build convenience stores and develop curbside pickup locations for food.
During the American Civil War, in 1861, Virginia joined the Confederate States of America. Fearing that the Confederacy would take control of the shipyard at Portsmouth, the shipyard commander ordered the burning of the shipyard. The Confederate forces did in fact take over the shipyard, and did so without armed conflict through an elaborate ruse orchestrated by civilian railroad builder William Mahone (soon to become a famous Confederate officer). The Union forces withdrew to Fort Monroe across Hampton Roads, which was the only land in the area which remained under Union control.
Greyhound Lines operates the Lufkin Station at the Kerrville Bus Company station in Lufkin.
L. Sassaman, "Minimizing Attack Surfaces with Language-Theoretic Security", EIDMA/DIAMANT Cryptography Working Group, Utrecht, NL, 2010. 
On July 18, 2013, the Bipartisan Legal Advisory Group (BLAG), which had mounted a defense of Section 3 when the administration declined to, acknowledged that in Windsor "the Supreme Court recently resolved the issue of DOMA Section 3's constitutionality" and said "it no longer will defend that statute."
Orr, Leonard, ''White Noise: A Reader's Guide'' Continuum International Publishing Group, 2003.
Even Australia's 'Bunyip' was identified as a 'Rainbow Serpent' myth of the above kind. The term coined by Radcliffe-Brown is now commonly used and familiar to broader Australian and international audiences, as it is increasingly used by government agencies, museums, art galleries, Aboriginal organisations and the media to refer to the pan-Australian Aboriginal myth specifically, and as a shorthand allusion to Australian Aboriginal mythology generally.
In 2012 the Mississippi Senate Education Committee passed a bill asking for the State of Mississippi to consolidate the six school districts in Bolivar County to three or two. The Mississippi Senate passed the bill 37-11.
The killing of filmmaker Hugh O'Connor by a local landowner in 1967 brought Letcher County to national attention.
The topography of Champaign County was formed by the Wisconsin Glacier about 20,000 years before the present. Lobes of ice from what is now Lake Michigan crossed the county, creating a deep pile of glacial soil, up to 300 feet thick, topped by numerous moraines forming small, flat watersheds with no outlets.
The largest port in Australia is the Port of Melbourne.
Andjety is thought to have been a precursor of Osiris. Like Osiris he is depicted holding the crook and flail and has a crown similar to Osiris's Atef crown. King Sneferu of the 4th dynasty, builder of the first true pyramid, is shown wearing the crown of Andjety. In the Pyramid texts the king's power is associated with Andjety. In the temple of Seti I the king is shown offering incense to Osiris-Andjety who is accompanied by Isis.
It was confirmed that after a three-year hiatus, former world champion Fernando Vargas would return to the boxing ring against super middleweight Henry Buchanan on April 16, 2011 at Hard Rock Casino in Las Vegas. However, the fight was cancelled for unknown reasons.
In mid-1993, E! Entertainment Television purchased broadcast rights to Late Night. The network aired complete shows from various years five days per week from 1993 until 1996. Then Trio (owned by NBC) picked up reruns and showed them from 2002 until the channel went off the air in 2005.
The Fremen refer to this fighting ability as the "weirding way"; in Dune, the Fremen use the word "weirding" instead of "Bene Gesserit", calling Jessica a "weirding woman" and noting "he has the weirding voice" when Paul wields this power.
Anangu continue to hunt and gather animal species in remote areas of the park and on Anangu land elsewhere. Hunting is largely confined to the red kangaroo, Australian bustard, emu and lizard such as the sand goanna and perentie.
G.723.1 is a required audio codec in the H.324 ITU-T recommendation for H.324 terminals offering audio communication. In 3GPP 3G-324M specification support for G.723.1 is not mandatory, but recommended.
Failure of one of the two distributive laws brings about near-rings and near-fields instead of rings and division rings respectively. The operations are usually configured to have the near-ring or near-field distributive on the right but not on the left.
Dennis, David B. ''Inhumanities: Nazi Interpretations of Western Culture''. Cambridge and New York: Cambridge University Press, 2012.
The surviving portions of the text detail the misadventures of the narrator, Encolpius, and his lover, a handsome sixteen-year-old servant boy named Giton. Throughout the novel, Encolpius has a difficult time keeping his lover faithful to him as he is constantly being enticed away by others. Encolpius's friend Ascyltus (who seems to have previously been in a relationship with Encolpius) is another major character.
MGM executive Paul Bern said Bow was "the greatest emotional actress on the screen", "sentimental, simple, childish and sweet," and considered her "hard-boiled attitude" a "defense mechanism".
The June 2004 conference was held near the sacred Bear Butte, South Dakota, again.
The city incorporated in 1914.
Buena Park's main commercial artery is Beach Boulevard, State Route 39, running north-south and connecting the city's civic center, the E-Zone entertainment district, and Buena Park Downtown shopping center. California State Route 91 and Santa Ana Freeway (Interstate 5) criss-cross the city, connecting it with cities to the east and west, north and south respectively. The Orange County Transportation Authority provides public bus services, but most residents rely on cars.
Traffic: The average commute time for Weed workers is 12 minutes, compared with 26 minutes nationwide.
Killingworth also contains Chatfield Hollow State Park.
Key Vaca and four small islands were granted to Don Francisco Ferreira by a Spanish Land Grant in 1814. Therefore, Duck Key was part of one of two Spanish land grants in the Keys, Key West being the other. While under Spanish ownership, Ferreira of St. Augustine petitioned on January 4, 1814 "To his Excellency the Governor. . . ."to grant him ". . . in absolute property a Key situated among those called the Florida Keys, and is also known as Key Baca and also four small islands which are situated in the vicinity. . ." It was approved the next day "As the services rendered by the petitioner are well known, and in consideration of the great losses which he has suffered by the Revolution. . ." Duck Key belonged to Ferreira.
Crime has decreased significantly in the past twelve years in Gainesville, with the rate of crimes per 100,000 population decreasing from a high of 728.6 in 2000, to 307.6 in 2011 (the last year for which data is available).
The Hinsdale Public Library is located in the west wing of the Memorial Building. The library opened in August 1893. The Memorial Building, the library's first permanent residence, was completed in 1929. D.K. Pearson, a director of the library association, donated his house and a portion of his estate to the library system; the donation funded a 1957 addition to the library. In 1988 the Memorial Building received an addition on the west side, and the library and the village administration swapped places.
Andrade explains, "We are ruled by a lot of robbers. Our legislators are more degraded than a person who abuses a woman or a child and I have no confidence in them."
Mentone is a town in Harrison and Franklin townships, Kosciusko County, Indiana, United States. Mentone is the self-proclaimed "Egg Basket of the Midwest" because of prolific commercial egg production in the area, and holds an Egg Festival annually in early June to celebrate its heritage. A large concrete egg stands near the town center and is considered locally to be the "Largest Egg in the World". The Lawrence D. Bell Aircraft Museum, is located within the town limits. The population was 1,001 at the 2010 census.
In 2001, Mac OS X Mac OS X 10.0 used a proportional thumb and moved both arrow buttons to the bottom of the bar.
Newton is home to one of America's first business aircraft. The aircraft was a Travel Air 6000 owned by Harry Ogg, owner of the Automatic Washing Machine Company and was named "Smiling Thru".
DSL is provided by Moundridge Telephone Company.
"When I get off of this mountain, you know where I want to go?Straight down the Mississippi river to the Gulf of MexicoTo Lake Charles, Louisiana, little Bessie, girl that I once knew ..."
In 2002, the Maryland legislature issued a proclamation declaring Catonsville to be "Music City, Maryland", because of the concentration of musical retail stores, venues and educational facilities in the area.
Stone's is reportedly the site of multiple hauntings. According to legend, the Inn was the site of a murder. Captain Stone is said to have killed a New York salesman named Mike McPherson accidentally after hitting him over the head with a pistol when he suspected McPherson of cheating at poker. It is said that Stone and three friends with whom he had been playing swore to keep the event secret and buried the salesman's body in the Inn's basement. The legend contends that the ghosts of the salesman and the three other players involved all roam the inn. No body has ever been found.
Among the private community offerings are a nine-hole golf course and three tennis courts. The golf course is home to two summer tournaments (Calcutta and The Presidents Cup). Golf tournament weekends are celebrated at the club house located within the private community.
The Markiezenhof Palace, built in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries, houses a cultural centre and a museum with a picturesque courtyard, paintings, period rooms, and temporary exhibitions.
Lutsen Township is located within the Superior National Forest.
Buse Township is a township in Otter Tail County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 690 at the 2000 census.
Slate Springs is a village in Calhoun County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 110 at the 2010 census.
Marshall is a city in Saline County, Missouri, United States. The population was 13,065 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Saline County.  The Marshall Micropolitan Statistical Area consists of Saline County. It is home to Missouri Valley College.
In 1911, the Meridian Highway project was launched with the formation of a Meridian Road association in Kansas.  Later in that same year, John Nicholson, originator of the highway, spoke at a meeting in Columbus, at which the Nebraska Meridian Road Association was organized.  The proposed north-south transcontinental highway crossed the Platte and the Loup rivers at the Columbus bridges.  In 1922, it was designated a state highway.  The completion of the Meridian Bridge in 1924, replacing a seasonal ferry across the Missouri River at the Nebraska-South Dakota border, made the highway a year-round route from Canada to Mexico.  In 1928, the route became U.S. Highway 81.
New Jersey Transit provides bus service on the 505 route between the borough and Atlantic City.
The Cracovian product is yet another form.
Pine Beach was incorporated as a borough by an act of the New Jersey Legislature on February 26, 1925, from portions of Berkeley Township.
Carrollton is on the south border of Cattaraugus County. It is southeast of the city of Salamanca.
Since 1912, Lynbrook has been served by the Lynbrook Police Department. The Department provides police services 24 hours a day / 7 days a week. The Chief of the Department is Joseph Neve. Since 1879, the Lynbrook Volunteer Fire Department has served Lynbrook. The department has 6 firehouses around Lynbrook. The Chief of the Department is Edward J. Hynes. Lynbrook is also served by its own Department of Public Works who provides sanitation management. The Superintendent is Phil Healey.
The town was first settled around 1773.  
Spring is reasonably lengthy, beginning in late February and lasting to early May. The presence of abundant dense vegetation in the area causes significant pollen dusting in the springtime that tends to turn rooftops and cars yellow.
A municipal golf course is located 4 miles east of the city, and a community swimming pool, park and campground are available as well for visitors and residents.
The community was incorporated in 1912.
Noble High School is where children finish their secondary education in Noble. 
For a more general take on leadership in politics, compare the concept of the statesperson.
Easttown Township is a township in Chester County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 10,477 at the 2010 census.
Palmyra has a humid continental climate.
At the time, the Schuylkill Valley was a hotly contested property, with constant conflicts over titles and rights. Had any of their competitors became aware of what Tower and Munson were up to, they may well have bought up the land the pair were after, and charged exorbitant prices for it. Or worse, refuse to sell it at all. Thus, they chose to operate in secret. Tower would make the purchases, and convey the titles to legal dummies to hide the actual ownership of the land.
The critical angles in bicycle geometry are the head angle (the angle of the head tube), and the seat tube angle (the angle of the seat tube). These angles are measured from the horizontal, and drastically affect the rider position and performance characteristics of the bicycle. Mountain bike geometry will often feature a seat tube angle around 73 degrees, with a head tube angle of anywhere from 60-73 degrees. The intended application of the bike affects its geometry very heavily. In general, steeper angles (closer to 90 degrees from the horizontal) are more efficient for pedaling up hills and make for sharper handling. Slacker angles (leaning farther from the vertical) are preferred for high speeds and downhill stability.
Collinwood Church of Christ - 101 4th Ave. North
Holy Trinity Episcopal School, a Pre-K3 - 12 Episcopal private school. 
Until February 2009, the Lawrence Marshall car dealership was Hempstead's largest employer. The sudden closure of the dealership lead the city to reconsider capital projects such as sewer upgrades and park beautification.
Proceedings of the Orleans County (Vermont) Historical Society, 1913 U. S. Census
The Cowlitz Indian Tribe made a special Totem Pole for Toledo High School. The town has always used the "Indian" as the School's mascot (of course after receiving permission from the tribe). Recently, a painting was donated to the High School of "Old Ike" who was the last full blooded Cowlitz Indian. His portrait still hangs within the halls of the High School.
From very early history to modern times, walls have been a near necessity for every city.
The Micro Channel was primarily a 32-bit bus, but the system also supported a 16-bit mode designed to lower the cost of connectors and logic in Intel-based machines like the IBM PS/2.
The oldest building in Inwood is the Dyckman House, the oldest farmhouse in Manhattan, on Broadway at 204th Street.
Cropper, Mark (2004). ''The Leaves We Write On''. London: Ellergreen Press
On March 30, 2015, Oregon Governor Kate Brown signed SB333, which "designates March 22 of each year as Tom McCall Day to commemorate Governor McCall and encourage school districts to educate children about Governor McCall's legacy." The measure takes effect January 1, 2016.
In Canada, the national meta-population of the sedentary boreal ecotype spans the boreal forest from the Northwest Territories to Labrador. They prefer lichen-rich mature forests and mainly live in marshes, bogs, lakes, and river regions. The historic range of the boreal woodland caribou covered over half of present-day Canada, stretching from Alaska to Newfoundland and Labrador and as far south as New England, Idaho, and Washington. Woodland caribou have disappeared from most of their original southern range. The boreal woodland was designated as threatened in 2002. In 2011 there were approximately 34,000 boreal caribou in 51 ranges remaining in Canada.
Returning from the war, he became a star in such films as The Sheik and The Three Musketeers. When he starred in 1923's A Woman of Paris, he solidified the image of a well-dressed man-about-town, and was later voted the Best Dressed Man in America nine times.  His career stalled with the coming of talkies, but in 1930, he starred in Morocco, with Marlene Dietrich. He was nominated for an Academy Award for The Front Page (1931).
"Why am I the first Kinnock in a thousand generations to be able to get to university? pointing to his wife in the audience Why is Glenys the first woman in her family in a thousand generations to be able to get to university? Was it because all our predecessors were thick?"
When he gets home, Roger prepares a glass of champagne with the new potion. Just as he is about to give Leila the glass, she reveals that she is pregnant, which shocks Roger into dropping the glass. He tells himself he could not have gone through with it, anyway. On his terrace, Daemon is relaxing with a cigar, puffing smoke rings that turn into little hearts before the professor disappears.
Violent Femmes is the debut album by Violent Femmes. Mostly recorded in July 1982, the album was released by Slash Records on vinyl and on cassette in April 1983, and on CD in 1987 with two extra tracks "Ugly" and "Gimme the Car".
Fouad Kandeel leads clinical trials testing the use of islet transplantation to treat patients who are incapacitated by severe type 1 diabetes.
A mirror image appears more obviously three-dimensional if the observer moves, or if viewed using binocular vision. This is because the relative position of objects changes as the observer's perspective changes, or is different viewed with each eye.
Sabine continued to see action in the War of 1812, particularly in the Niagara Campaign, where he commanded the batteries at the siege of Fort Erie.  After a short spell of military service in Quebec, he returned to England and devoted the remainder of his long life to the more peaceful pursuits of astronomy, terrestrial magnetism and physical geography.
Willie Hugh Nelson (born April 29, 1933) is an American musician, singer, songwriter, author, poet, actor, and activist. The critical success of the album Shotgun Willie (1973), combined with the critical and commercial success of Red Headed Stranger (1975) and Stardust (1978), made Nelson one of the most recognized artists in country music. He was one of the main figures of outlaw country, a subgenre of country music that developed in the late 1960s as a reaction to the conservative restrictions of the Nashville sound. Nelson has acted in over 30 films, co-authored several books, and has been involved in activism for the use of biofuels and the legalization of marijuana.
The first Miss Universe Pageant was held in Long Beach, California in 1952. It was won by Armi Kuusela from Finland, who gave up her title, though not officially, to get married, shortly before her year was completed. Until 1958, the Miss Universe title, like that of Miss America, was dated by the year following the contest, so at the time Ms. Kuusela's title was Miss Universe 1953.
The department also has an urban forestry program which involves the Legacy Forest at Lexington Park, that consists of commemorative tree planting designed to perpetuate the memory or work of individuals and organizations. Also the Heritage Tree Program which was established to recognize trees having historic significance in the community. The city has also been involved with the Tree City USA program that is sponsored by The National Arbor Day Foundation since 1993. The city and Parks Department also take part in Arbor Week.
The rongorongo script is a "contour script" (Barthel 1955:360) ... with various internal or external lines, circles, dashes or dots added ... Often such features exist only in the hair-line pre-etching effected by obsidian flakes and not incised with a shark's tooth. This is particularly evident on the "Small Vienna" N.
The 1960s and 1970s witnessed the construction of the Connecticut Post Mall, one of the state's largest shopping malls, and the extensive commercial development of the town's stretch of the Boston Post Road. One notable small business located on the Boston Post Road during the 1970s was SCELBI Computer Consulting, credited by many as being the world's first personal-computer manufacturer. Starting in 1975, the city began hosting the Milford Oyster Festival, which has since become firmly established as an annual Milford tradition that is held "rain or shine".
Arp visited New York City in 1949 for a solo exhibition at the Buchholz Gallery. In 1950, he was invited to execute a relief for the Harvard University Graduate Center in Cambridge, Massachusetts and would also be commissioned to do a mural at the UNESCO building in Paris.
For a number of years, British film exhibitors voted him among the top ten British stars at the box office via an annual poll in the Motion Picture Herald.
Erickson's friend, and sometime collaborator, Andre Weitzenhoffer, a well-known hypnosis researcher himself, has repeatedly raised concerns over the nature of Erickson's legacy.
St. Paul is a small town in northern St. Charles County and consists its namesake Catholic church, the church picnic grounds, school, several ballfields associated with the church and school, as well as a Knights of Columbus hall. It no longer has the part-time Post Office, the accounting office, real-estate office, and city office in one small building remain however. There is a volunteer fire station for the O'Fallon Fire Protection District. There is also an auto repair shop and the semi-famous Dog Prairie tavern. Local lore states that St. Paul was once named Dog Prairie.
Chinese Tea culture refers to how tea is prepared as well as the occasions when people consume tea in China. Tea culture in China differs from that in European countries like Britain and other Asian countries like Japan in preparation, taste, and occasion wherein it is consumed. Even today, tea is consumed regularly, both at casual and formal occasions. In addition to being a popular beverage, tea is used in traditional Chinese medicine, as well as in Chinese cuisine. Green tea is one of the main worldwide teas originating in China.
Microfilaments are composed of linear polymers of G-actin proteins, and generate force when the growing (plus) end of the filament pushes against a barrier, such as the cell membrane. They also act as tracks for the movement of myosin molecules that attach to the microfilament and "walk" along them. Myosin motoring along F-actin filaments generates contractile forces in so-called actomyosin fibers, both in muscle as well as most non-muscle cell types. Actin structures are controlled by the Rho family of small GTP-binding proteins such as Rho itself for contractile acto-myosin filaments ("stress fibers"), Rac for lamellipodia and Cdc42 for filopodia.
In the spring of 1799 the Austrian and Russian armies ousted the French from much of northern Italy after the battles of Magnano and Cassano and they placed the key fortress of Mantua under siege. Assembling the French occupation forces of southern and central Italy into an army, MacDonald moved north to challenge his enemies. Rather than playing safe by moving along the west coast road, MacDonald boldly chose to move east of the Apennine Mountains, hoping to be supported by Jean Victor Marie Moreau's French army. After brushing aside a much smaller Austrian force at Modena, MacDonald's army swept west along the south bank of the Po River. Suvorov swiftly concentrated his Russians and the allied Austrians of Michael von Melas to block the French move. 
The executive board has the same members as the executive group and is the body solely responsible for management of the ESE.
Sejong's personal writings are also highly regarded. He composed the famous Yongbi Eocheon Ga ("Songs of Flying Dragons", 1445), Seokbo Sangjeol ("Episodes from the Life of Buddha", July 1447), Worin Cheon-gang Jigok ("Songs of the Moon Shining on a Thousand Rivers", July 1447), and the reference Dongguk Jeong-un ("Dictionary of Proper Sino-Korean Pronunciation", September 1447).
Barnfield's Lady Pecunia and The Complaint of Poetry were used as sample texts by the early 17th-century phonetician Robert Robinson for his invented phonetic script.
More recently, international schools have been established to cater to the growing expatriate population. These international schools offer primary to secondary education up to A Levels and International Baccalaureate.
Sullivan, Randall. ''Labyrinth: Corruption and Vice in the L.A.P.D.: The truth behind the murders of Tupac Shakur and Biggie Smalls''. Atlantic Monthly Press, April 2, 2002, 384 pp. ISBN 0-87113-838-7
Despite his traveling ways and the job of maintaining his own gardens, Gesner probably spent most of his time inside his own library. He listed among his History of Animals sources more than 80 Greek authors and at least 175 Latin authors, as well as works by German, French, and Italian authors. He even attempted to establish a "universal library" of all books in existence. The project might sound strange to the modern mind, but Gessner invested tremendous energy in the project. He sniffed through remote libraries along with the collections of the Vatican Library and catalogs of printers and booksellers. By assembling this universal library of information, Gessner put together a database centuries before computers would ease such work. He cut relevant passages out of books, grouped the cuttings by general theme, subdivided the groups into more specific categories, and boxed them. He could then retrieve and arrange the cuttings as needed. In the words of science writer Anna Pavord, "He was a one-man search engine, a 16th-century Google with the added bonus of critical evaluation."
Schneerson placed a strong emphasis on education and often spoke of the need of a moral educational system for all people. He was an advocate of a Department of Education as a separate cabinet position from the Department of Health, Education and Welfare. Schneerson proclaimed 1977 as a "Year of Education" and urged Congress to do the same. He stated that education "must think in terms of a 'better living' not only for the individual, but also for the society as a whole. The educational system must, therefore, pay more attention to the building of character, with emphasis on moral and ethical values. Education must put greater emphasis on the promotion of fundamental human rights and obligations of justice and morality, which are the basis of any human society".
"Molly Dear It's You I'm After" w. Frank Wood m. Henry E. Pether
The Simca Fulgur was a concept car designed in 1958 by Robert Opron for Simca and first displayed at the 1959 Geneva Auto Show. It was also displayed at the New York Auto Show, and the 1961 Chicago Auto Show. The concept car was intended to show what cars in the year 2000 would look like. It was to be atomic powered, voice controlled, guided by radar, and use only two wheels balanced by gyroscopes when driven at over 150 kph.  Fulgur is Latin for flash or lightning. Another translation is lensman.
The idea is not new: TimeTrax Technologies Corporation, led by CEO Elliott Frutkin, developed an application to record songs to MP3 and tag them with the artist and title information directly from the XM network. In 2005, XM attempted to thwart this practice by discontinuing the required XM PCR radio. TimeTrax responded by quickly rolling out adaptive interfaces to allow almost any XM subscriber to use their tuner to build music libraries directly from XM broadcasts. There is speculation that these fumbles by XM and its attitude towards the Time Trax technology may have been the warning shot of major troubles between the RIAA and XM.
The avocado (Persea americana) is a tree that is native to South Central Mexico, classified as a member of the flowering plant family Lauraceae. Avocado (also alligator pear) also refers to the tree's fruit, which is botanically a large berry containing a single seed.
Since Keres lost his first four games against Botvinnik in the 1948 World Championship Tournament, suspicions are sometimes raised that Keres was forced to "throw" games to allow Botvinnik to win the Championship. Chess historian Taylor Kingston investigated all the available evidence and arguments, and concluded that: Soviet chess officials gave Keres strong hints that he should not hinder Botvinnik's attempt to win the World Championship; Botvinnik only discovered this about half-way through the tournament and protested so strongly that he angered Soviet officials; Keres probably did not deliberately lose games to Botvinnik or anyone else in the tournament.
On August 29, 2009, Boone wrote an article comparing liberalism to cancer, likening it to "black filthy cells".
Anatomical lines, theoretical lines drawn through structures, are also used to describe anatomical location. For example, the mid-clavicular line is used as part of the cardiac exam in medicine to feel the apex beat of the heart.
Teradata Active Enterprise Data Warehouse is the platform that runs the Teradata Database, with added data management tools and data mining software.
The Spanish invaders founded the city of "Our Lady of Las Dopicos" in 1539, which was actually near Tenuzco, the capital of the Pazteca empire. In the series, the capital had two spelling variations: Los Dopicos and Las Dopicos. (The former spelling is more likely to be the correct one; the latter would require dopico being a feminine noun.)
Today, it is one of the most well-known and popular fashion and shopping center of Chengdu, lined with shopping malls, luxury brand stores, and boutique shops.
/Topic  . . . . Topic for your channel
Industrial policies are sector-specific, unlike broader macroeconomic policies. Examples of the latter, which are horizontal, economywide policies, are tightening credit and taxing capital gains, while examples of industrial policy, which involves vertical, sector-specific policies, include protecting textiles from imports and subsidizing export industries. Industrial policies are interventionist measures typical of mixed economy countries.
Born in La Romana Mercedes campaigned most of his career in the western United States and in Mexico. He debuted as a professional boxer on July 2 of 1978 with a win over Darryl Jones in Stockton. He suffered his first defeat when he lost by a decision in Las Vegas to future world champion Joey Olivo, in Mercedes' third bout as a paid fighter.
The Wieskirche was added to the UNESCO World Heritage List in 1983 and underwent extensive restoration between 1985 and 1991.
Many physical situations only require quadratic Hamiltonians, i.e. Hamiltonians of the form
In the United Kingdom, producer gas, also called suction gas, specifically means a fuel gas made from  coke, anthracite or other carbonaceous material.  Air is passed over the red-hot carbonaceous fuel and carbon monoxide is produced. The reaction is exothermic and proceeds as follows:
Other explanations, including that of Schwarzenbach, are discussed in Greenwood and Earnshaw (loc.cit).
In December, Pacer production ceased after a small run of 1980 models was built to use up parts stock.
In 2005, the O'Jays were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Original members Eddie Levert, Walter Williams, Bobby Massey and, posthumously, William Powell, were inducted. In a note of controversy, Sammy Strain was also inducted with the group, while original member Bill Isles was not. (Strain is one of the few artists in popular music history who is a double RRHOF inductee: with The O'Jays in 2005, and  Little Anthony and the Imperials in 2009). In 2006, the O'Jays performed at the ESPY awards, hosted by Lance Armstrong. "For the Love of Money" is the theme song to the hit reality TV show The Apprentice, starring Donald Trump.
In an interview, American McGee has stated that the Mad Hatter is the embodiment of Alice's emotional state, which explains why he is psychotic in the first game, yet more preserved in the sequel.
''The Checkbook and the Cruise Missile: Conversations with Arundhati Roy''. Interviews by David Barsamian. Cambridge: South End Press, 2004. ISBN 0-89608-710-7
In the National Constituent Assembly his oratory, legal knowledge and austerity of life gave him much influence. A partisan of revolutionary reforms, Rewbell voted in favor of reforms such as the Civil Constitution of the Clergy, but opposed the recognition citizenship rights for Alsatian Jews.
Shenyang is home to China Medical University Hospital, China Medical University 1st, 2nd (renamed Shengjing Hospital in 2003) and 4th Affiliated Hospital, 202 Hospital, Liaoning Tumor Hospital, Shenyang No.7 People's Hospital, Shenyang Orthopaedics Hospital, Shenyang Army General Hospital, North Hospital, and various other hospitals and clinics.
Each track is specially chosen, often by the astronauts' families, and usually has a special meaning to an individual member of the crew, or is applicable to their daily activities.
The next step came when the British Academy for the Advancement of Science (BAAS) published a report in 1867. BAAS promoted teaching of "pure science" and training of the "scientific habit of mind." The progressive education movement of the time supported the ideology of mental training through the sciences. BAAS emphasized separately pre-professional training in secondary science education. In this way, future BAAS members could be prepared.
Dorr, Robert F., Jon Lake and Warren Thompson. ''Korean War Aces''(Aircraft of the Aces). London: Osprey Publishing, 1995. ISBN 978-1-85532-501-2.
'''NS DE-20''': nicknamed '''"De Kameel"''' (Dutch for "The Camel"). Originally it was in service as DMU for the board of directors, later it was for hire. Currently it is in the national railroad museum.
After the release of Vapor Transmission, Orgy left Reprise Records and had already severed ties with Elementree. Gordon started his own independent record label, D1 Music, releasing the band's third album, Punk Statik Paranoia in 2004.
Many rejections followed before Fisher's strip was finally syndicated by the McNaught Syndicate after Fisher, while employed as a McNaught salesman, sold it to over 20 newspapers. It debuted April 19, 1930, and by 1948, it was ranked as one of the five most popular newspaper comic strips.
Injuries to key players on both sides of the ball, and the often reckless play of Garcia took a toll on him, as he was forced to miss 3 games during the season. The 49ers finished 7-9 and missed the playoffs for the first time in three seasons.
Regions with a strong traditional presence of Arvanites are found mainly in a compact area in southeastern Greece, namely across Attica (especially in Eastern Attica), southern Boeotia, the north-east of the Peloponnese, the south of the island of Euboea, the north of the island of Andros, and several islands of the Saronic Gulf including Salamis. In parts of this area they formed a solid majority until about 1900. Within Attica, parts of the capital Athens and its suburbs were Arvanitic until the late 19th century. There are also settlements in some other parts of the Peloponnese, and in Phthiotis (Livanates, Malesina, Martino villages).
The "round dance" provides the information that there is a feeding place in the vicinity of the beehive at a distance between 50 and 100 meters, without the particular direction being given. By means of close contact among the bees it also supplies information about the type of food (blossom scent).
Bacon's wealthy landowning followers returned their loyalty to the Virginia Government after Bacon's death. Governor Berkeley returned to power.  He seized the property of several rebels for the colony and executed 23 men by hanging, including the former governor of the Albemarle Sound colony, William Drummond.
All coronations after 1800 took place in Rome. Leo XIII was crowned in the Sistine Chapel, due to fears that anti-clerical mobs, inspired by Italian unification, might attack the Basilica and disrupt the ceremony. Benedict XV was also crowned in the chapel in 1914. Pius XI was crowned at the dais in front of the High Altar in St. Peter's Basilica. Popes Pius IX, Pius XII, and John XXIII, all were crowned in public on the balcony of the basilica, facing crowds assembled below in St. Peter's Square. Paul VI was crowned in front of St Peter's on a special dais. The entire coronation ceremony had taken place outdoors as St Peter's was filled with special seating for the Vatican Council sessions and so unavailable for the coronation.
, satisfactorily tested by the FAA, tested by Purdue University, and approved under ASTM specification D7719 for high octane grade UL 102, allowing the company to test more economically in non-experimental aircraft.
Two days later, Lars Arne Nilsen was hired as interim manager, and for the rest of the season, Brann performed well, eventually ending on second place and ensuring promotion with two rounds left of the season. The day after the season ended, on November 2, 2015, Nilsen was given a three-year contract.
The comic book Les dossiers du Professeur Bell by Joann Sfar is about the (fictional) supernatural adventures of Dr. Bell.
They are best known for their 1994 cover of The Troggs' 1960s hit "Love Is All Around", which was used on the soundtrack to the film Four Weddings and a Funeral. It was a huge international success and spent 15 weeks atop the British charts. The week before it could have equalled the record for the longest-standing UK number-one single, held by Bryan Adams' "(Everything I Do) I Do It for You", it dropped to number two.
Even with "complete" injuries, in some rare cases, through intensive rehabilitation, slight movement can be regained through "rewiring" neural connections, as in the case of the late actor Christopher Reeve.
NME editors Roy Carr and Charles Shaar Murray called the album "oddly unsatisfying, considerably less than the sum of the parts", while Bowie encyclopedist Nicholas Pegg describes it as "one of the most urgent, compelling and essential" of his releases. The Rolling Stone review by Ben Gerson pronounced it "less manic than The Man Who Sold The World, and less intimate than Hunky Dory, with none of its attacks of self-doubt." 
Moore was born in San Francisco, California, and grew up in nearby Pescadero. He attended Sequoia High School in Redwood City. 
From a chance beginning at age 9, Clark would appear on radio, film, print, television and recordings by the time she turned 17.
The building is owned by the MAA since 1978.  In Spring of 2007 an opening ceremony was held to mark its transformation from a mail room and publication warehouse into a first-rate conference center.  It is now used for meetings, lectures, and other events.
Lexington was commissioned in February 1943 and saw extensive service through the Pacific War. For much of her service, she acted as the flagship for Admiral Marc Mitscher, and led the Fast Carrier Task Force through their battles across the Pacific. She was the recipient of 11 battle stars and the Presidential Unit Citation. Following the war, Lexington was decommissioned, but was modernized and reactivated in the early 1950s, being reclassified as an attack carrier (CVA). Later, she was reclassified as an anti-submarine carrier (CVS). In her second career, she operated both in the Atlantic/Mediterranean and the Pacific, but spent most of her time, nearly 30 years, on the east coast as a training carrier (CVT).
The Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act divides the ingredients in pesticides into two groups: active and inert. An inert chemical, under this context, is one that does not have a toxic effect on the species the pesticide is meant to combat, but that does not rule out that it may still have a biological activity on other species, including being toxic to humans. Solvents, propellents, preservatives, among others, are thus considered "inert ingredients" in pesticides. 
However, both the Argentine and Brazilian Air Forces use a curious system of variations on brigadier for all (Argentina) or most (Brazil) general officers. The origin of this system is not entirely clear, but in the case of Argentina may be due to army air units being commanded by brigade generals before the establishment of the Air Force as an independent armed force.
The drawdown of the RAAF's F-111 fleet began with the retirement of the F-111G models operated by No. 6 Squadron in late 2007. There was controversial procurement of 24 F/A-18F Super Hornets as an interim replacement for the F-111s while the F-35 program suffered delays. One of the reasons given for the F-111s' retirement was the high maintenance time required for every flight hour. The last F-111s were retired on 3 December 2010.
T-plant: The general flow is that of an I-plant (or has multiple lines), which then splits into many assemblies (many-to-many).  Most manufactured parts are used in multiple assemblies and nearly all assemblies use multiple parts.  Customized devices, such as computers, are good examples.  T-plants suffer from both synchronization problems of A-plants (parts aren't all available for an assembly) and the robbing problems of V-plants (one assembly steals parts that could have been used in another).
From Jane's dreams that people were digging up the grave of a long-buried man and that the man had left, Ransom concludes that the N.I.C.E. is looking for the body of Merlin, who truly is buried in Bragdon Wood, though not dead but in a timeless state. Jane will guide members of the group to the place she dreamed of.
1994: Has God Ceased 2 Dream You? Tour
The spirochaetes are divided into three families (Brachyspiraceae, Leptospiraceae, and Spirochaetaceae), all placed within a single order (Spirochaetales). Disease-causing members of this phylum include the following:
In July 2012, Barenboim and the orchestra played a pivotal role at the BBC Proms, performing a cycle of Beethoven's nine symphonies, with the Ninth timed to coincide with the opening of the London 2012 Olympic Games.  In addition, he was an Olympic flag carrier at the opening ceremony of the Games.
The economic effect of charging all the waste in industry to the consumer so curtails his purchasing power that an increasing percentage of the product of industry must be exported. The effect of this on the worker is that he has to do many times the amount of work which should be necessary to keep him in the highest standard of living, as a result of an artificial inducement to produce things he does not want, which he cannot buy, and which are of no use to the attainment of his internal standard of well-being.
In contrast to several other US Army divisions in the Pacific War, soldiers in the Americal division received extensive weapons training as well as company- and battalion-level exercises in jungle terrain while at New Caledonia. Under the command of General Patch, the Americal Division was the first US Army unit to be sent to Guadalcanal.  Largely because of transport constraints, the Americal arrived piecemeal and was fed into combat alongside the battle-hardened and exhausted US 1st Marine Division, which it eventually relieved. Its soldiers were quick to assimilate from the Marines on Guadalcanal lessons on battle tactics against Japanese forces. Americal casualties were consequently less than what might be expected.
If any of these provisions are violated: all rights of succession for the person concerned and all descendants are lost.
Banana slug is a common name for three North American species of terrestrial slug in the genus Ariolimax. These slugs are often yellow in color and are sometimes spotted with brown, like a ripe (or overripe) banana. 
Following Alive or Just Breathing's release, the album having been written and recorded for two guitarists, the band decided to expand and become a fivesome; Dutkiewicz moved to guitar and former Aftershock drummer Tom Gomes filled in the vacant drummer position.  After Leach was married on April 20, 2002 and began touring again he fell into a depression. Leach left the band a few days before the band was meant to play a show and sent the band members an e-mail telling them he had quit. D'Antonio said in an interview that "after three years of hanging out with the dude, and considering him a brother, to just get an email was a little bit harsh."
Foucault died of what was probably a rapidly developing case of multiple sclerosis on 11 February 1868 in Paris and was buried in the Montmartre Cemetery.
Lord Carnarvon responded by sending the distinguished historian James Anthony Froude to southern Africa, with orders to discreetly push for confederation, test popular opinion about it and report all information directly back to Carnarvon. However, the general public in South Africa saw him as a representative of the British government and local suspicion of his agenda ensured that his trip was not a success; in fact he entirely failed to induce Southern Africans to adopt Lord Carnarvon's confederation system. 
Division of property, also known as equitable distribution, is a judicial division of property rights and obligations between spouses during divorce.  It may be done by agreement, through a property settlement, or by judicial decree.
In 1935, the worst violence since partition convulsed Belfast. After an Orange Order parade decided to return to the city centre through a Catholic area instead of its usual route; the resulting violence left nine people dead. Over 2,000 Catholics were forced to leave their homes across Northern Ireland.
Melodic intonation therapy (MIT) is a commonly used method of treating aphasias, particularly those involving speech deficits (as opposed to reading or writing). MIT is a multi-stage treatment that involves committing words and speech rhythm to memory by incorporating them into song. The musical and rhythmic aspects are then separated from the speech and phased out, until the patient can speak normally. This method has slight variations between adult patients and child patients, but both follow the same basic structure.
The reach cast involves casting the fly over flowing water, such as a stream, and then just before the fly lands, moving the arm and fly rod in the upstream direction to arrange the fishing line so that it produces less apparent drag in the water. This technique is commonly called "mending" your fly line. Reach casting also allows an experienced caster to pitch curved casts in order to get the flies into difficult places.
Bowstrings may have a nocking point marked on them, which serves to mark where the arrow is fitted to the bowstring before shooting. The area around the nocking point is usually bound with thread to protect the area around the nocking point from wear by the archer's hands. This section is called the serving. At one end of the bowstring a loop is formed, which is permanent. The other end of the bowstring also has a loop, but this is not permanently formed into the bowstring but is constructed by tying a knot into the string to form a loop. Traditionally this knot is known as the archer's knot, but is a form of the timber hitch. The knot can be adjusted to lengthen or shorten the bowstring. The adjustable loop is known as the "tail". The string is often twisted (this being called the "flemish twist").
In May 2008, forest officials spotted 14 tiger cubs in Rajasthan's Ranthambore National Park. In June 2008, a tiger from Ranthambore was relocated to Sariska Tiger Reserve, where all tigers had fallen victim to poachers and human encroachments since 2005.
Her keel was laid down on 27 October 1937 by the Mare Island Naval Shipyard of Vallejo, California. She was launched on 3 April 1939 sponsored by Miss Louise Shaw Hepburn, and commissioned on 22 July 1939 with Lieutenant (later Rear Admiral) Chester C. Smith in command.
Lew and Agnes Jones both died at Jonestown. Agnes Jones was thirty-five years old at the time of her death. Her husband and four children all died at Jonestown. Lew Jones, who was twenty-one years old at the time of his death, died alongside his wife Terry and son Chaeoke. Stephanie Jones had died at age five in a car accident.
In the meantime, Finn makes the acquaintance of a charming, clever foreigner, Madame Max Goesler, the young and beautiful widow of a rich Jewish banker.  More materially, he is appointed to a well-paid government position, in which he excels. It seems as if he is finally secure.
The next Europeans to arrive were the mutineers of the HMS Bounty in 1789.  Mutineer Fletcher Christian, in looking for an island on which to permanently hide, had "scoured" Bligh's maps and nautical charts and decided on Tubuai.
Feeling full of purpose and energetic renewal, Schmidt arrives in Denver, where he stays at the home of Roberta, Randall's mother. He is appalled by Randall's eccentric, socially odd family and tries unsuccessfully to dissuade Jeannie from the marriage. Schmidt throws out his back after sleeping on Randall's waterbed, infuriating Jeannie. Roberta assures Schmidt that a soak in her hot tub will help his back, but he flees after a nude Roberta makes a pass at him in the tub. The next day, Schmidt, under the influence of Percodan to soothe his back pain, attends the wedding and delivers a kind speech at the reception, hiding his disapproval. 
Also, in the late 1980s, Stanley traveled to Afghanistan to document the Soviet war in Afghanistan.  Stanley and his crew witnessed the Soviet withdrawal and the country's slide into the civil war that would bring the Taliban to power.  The resulting documentary, Voice of the Moon, is a 30-minute surreal look at the daily lives of the Afghani people trying to survive.  Stanley saw action in the siege of Jalalabad, and the events surrounding his escape from the country, along with his wounded camera man, Immo Horn, later formed the basis of the screenplay Addicted to Danger, by Sebastian Junger.  The documentary is available on the Subversive Cinema DVD release of the feature Dust Devil.
Southern states had declared their secession from the Union and formed the Confederate States of America.
A total of 130 were exported to Afghanistan, Angola, Bulgaria, Cambodia, Cuba, Czechoslovakia, Equatorial Guinea, Ethiopia, Germany, Guatemala, Honduras, Hungary, Italy, Laos, Madagascar, Philippines, Poland, Syria, Vietnam, Yugoslavia and Zambia.
The use of CAPTCHA thus excludes a small number of individuals from using significant subsets of such common Web-based services as PayPal, GMail, Orkut, Yahoo!, many forum and weblog systems, etc.
King would later look back on the novel unfavorably, describing it as "an awful book."
The Vice President of the United States is, ex officio, President of the United States Senate, with the power to cast tie-breaking votes. However, while the Vice President has the right to act as presiding officer over the Senate, the rules of the Senate give the President of the Senate very little power (in contrast to the powerful office of Speaker of the House).
Once established, Trenchard spent the next six years on various expeditions to the interior patrolling, surveying and mapping an area of 10,000 square miles which later came to be known as Biafra.  In the occasional clashes with the Ibo tribesmen, Trenchard gained decisive victories.  The many tribesmen who surrendered were given jobs as road builders and thereby began to develop the country as part of the British Empire.  From summer 1904 to the late summer 1905, Trenchard was acting Commandant of the Southern Nigeria Regiment. He was appointed to the Distinguished Service Order in 1906 and was Commandant with the temporary rank of lieutenant colonel from 1908 onwards.
The publication of Cries Unheard was controversial because Bell received payment for her participation. The payment was criticised by the tabloid press, and Tony Blair's government attempted to find a legal means to prevent its publication on the grounds that a criminal should not profit from his or her crimes, but the attempt was unsuccessful.
Some segments have recurred periodically, such as "Back in Black" with Lewis Black, "This Week in God" and "Are You Prepared?!?" with Samantha Bee, "Trendspotting" with Demetri Martin, "Wilmore-Oliver Investigates" with John Oliver and Larry Wilmore, "You're Welcome" and "Money Talks" with John Hodgman. Since the 2003 invasion of Iraq, a common segment of the show has been dubbed "Mess O' Potamia", focusing on the United States' policies in the Middle East, especially Iraq. Elections in the United States were a prominent focus in the show's "Indecision" coverage throughout Stewart's time as host. (The title "InDecision" is a parody of NBC News' "Decision" segment.) Since 2000, the show has gone on the road to record week-long specials from the cities hosting the Democratic and Republican National Conventions. For the 2006 U.S. midterm elections, a week of episodes was recorded in the contested state of Ohio. The "Indecision" coverage of the 2000, 2004, 2006, 2008, and 2010 elections all culminated in live Election Night specials. On March 1, 2011, Stewart aired the first installment of Indecision 2012.
When the Americans forbade the Philippine flag from being flown anywhere in the country, Batangas was one of the places where the revolutionaries chose to propagate their propaganda. Many, especially the revolutionary artists, chose Batangas as the place to perform their plays. In an incident recorded by Amelia Bonifacio in her diary, the performance of Tanikalang Ginto in the province led not only to the arrest of the company but all of the audience. Later, the play was banned from being shown anywhere in the country.
Requires a boom operator.
''Golden Arches East:  McDonald's in East Asia'' by James L. Watson
Aside from humans (genus Homo), the macaques are the most widespread primate genus, ranging from Japan to the Indian subcontinent, and in the case of the barbary macaque (Macaca sylvanus), to North Africa and Southern Europe. Twenty-three macaque species are currently recognized, including some of the monkeys best known to nonzoologists, such as the rhesus macaque (M. mulatta), and the barbary macaque, a colony of which lives on the Rock of Gibraltar. Although several species lack tails and their common names refer to them as apes, these are true monkeys, with no greater relationship to the true apes than any other Old World monkeys.
In 1918 Maxton was elected to the National Council of the Labour Party. He and Ramsay MacDonald were responsible for moving the motion at the Labour Party's National Executive Committee which dictated that Labour members of the wartime coalition government resign from it in preparation for the 1918 general election. He was also a keen supporter of Scottish Home Rule and was for a while the President of The Scottish Home Rule Association when Ramsay MacDonald was the Secretary of the London Branch.
In Australia astroturfing is regulated by Section 18 of the Australian Consumer Law, which broadly prohibits "misleading and deceptive conduct". According to the Journal of Consumer Policy Australia's laws, which were introduced in 1975, are more vague. In most cases, they are enforced through lawsuits from competitors, rather than the regulatory body, the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission. There is also an International Consumer Protection and Enforcement Network (ICPEN).
After graduation he worked as a researcher on the Cambridge Growth Project with future Nobel Laureate Richard Stone and Terry Barker at the University of Cambridge. He then taught at the University of Birmingham and was a Visiting Professor at Harvard and MIT where he shared an office with then Assistant Professor Ben Bernanke. From October 1984 he was Professor of Economics at the London School of Economics where he founded the Financial Markets Group. In 1981, he was one of the 364 economists who signed a letter to The Times condemning Geoffrey Howe's 1981 Budget.
Infranuclear lesions will lead to paralysis of the hypoglossal nerve leading to atrophy of muscles of the tongue. Infranuclear injuries will cause deviation of the tongue towards the affected side when it is stuck out. This is because of the weaker genioglossal muscle. 
Court is the only player to have won the Grand Slam in both singles and mixed doubles. She won the singles Grand Slam in 1970, the mixed doubles Grand Slam in 1963 with fellow Australian Ken Fletcher and the mixed doubles Grand Slam in 1965 with three different partners (Fletcher, John Newcombe and Fred Stolle).
Erich Mielke was born in a tenement in Berlin-Wedding, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire, on 28 December 1907. During the First World War, the neighborhood was known as "Red Wedding" due to many residents' Marxist militancy. In a handwritten biography written for the Soviet secret police, Mielke described his father as "a poor, uneducated woodworker," and said that his mother died in 1911. Both were, he said, members of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD). After his remarriage to "a seamstress," the elder Mielke and his new wife joined the Independent Social Democratic Party of Germany and remained members when it was renamed the Communist Party of Germany (KPD). His son Erich claimed "My younger brother Kurt and two sisters were Communist sympathisers."
Bwana Devil is a 1952 U.S. adventure film based on the true story of the Tsavo maneaters and filmed with the Natural Vision 3-D system. The film is notable for sparking the first 3-D film craze in the motion picture industry, as well as for being the first 3-D film in color and the first 3-D sound feature in English. Bwana Devil was written, directed and produced by Arch Oboler and stars Robert Stack, Barbara Britton and Nigel Bruce.
It is the setting for the Fox series Arrested Development (mentioned by name in Season 2, Episode 14 The Immaculate Election) as well as residence of Martine and Dustin Rhodes in the Dean Koontz novel False Memory.
Princess tiles and Dragon figure allow for followers to be removed.
The AUG is hammer-fired and the firing mechanism is contained in the rear of the stock, near the butt, covered by a synthetic rubber shoulder plate. The hammer group is made entirely of plastics except for the springs and pins and is contained in an open-topped plastic box which lies between the magazine and the buttplate. During firing the recoiling bolt group travels over the top of it, resetting the hammer. Since the trigger is located some distance away, it transmits its energy through a sear lever which passes by the side of the magazine. The firing pin is operated by a plastic hammer under pressure from a coil spring.
The dollar has undergone several revisions in the last twenty years, one of the more notable being an extremely colourful redesign in celebration of the quincentennial of the landing of Christopher Columbus on a Bahamian island he named San Salvador.
The major embroidery machine companies eventually adapted their commercial systems and marketed them to companies such as Janome for home use.
From 1900 to 1977 governors were appointed by the United States Government. Since that time they have been elected for 4-year terms by the people of American Samoa.
The glider pilots were looked after by the local Resistance and then met up with the advancing American army at Auray.
Tibet Talk apace, her maid.
According to Pseudomonarchia Daemonum he is the King of the West, although for some translations of The Lesser Key of Solomon he is King of the East (Although some translations of The Lesser Key of Solomon consider Belial, Beleth, Asmodai and Gaap kings of the four cardinal directions, though not giving detail on the cardinal point each rule).
Between 2010 and 2011, Globalstar moved its headquarters from Silicon Valley to Covington, Louisiana in part to take advantage of the state's tax breaks and low cost of living.
City Technology Colleges teach the National Curriculum, but specialise in mainly technology-based subjects such as technology, science and mathematics.
The future village was the first settlement in the Town, in 1793. The community was originally called "Coonsville," after one of its early settlers, Valentine Coon, but when manufacturing became important, the name was changed to "Manchester."  The village was incorporated in 1892.
On April 24, 1955, the same day that the CPR introduced its transcontinental train The Canadian, CNR introduced its own new transcontinental passenger train, the Super Continental, which used new streamlined rolling stock. However, the Super Continental was never considered as glamourous as the Canadian. For example, it did not include dome cars. Dome cars would be added in the early 1960s with the purchase of six former Milwaukee Road "Super Domes". They were used on the Super Continental in the summer tourist season.
Dissatisfaction over this decision led about 70 pastors and a similar number of congregations to leave the WELS, ELS, and LCMS to form the Church of the Lutheran Confession (CLC). Their chief complaint was that the WELS misapplied the principles of Christian fellowship by not breaking immediately with the Synodical Conference and the LCMS after it had publicly recognized doctrinal disagreements. While the WELS broke fellowship with the LCMS in 1961, the CLC and the WELS remain at odds regarding this issue to this day.
Early stealth observation aircraft used slow-turning propellers to avoid being heard by enemy troops below. Stealth aircraft that stay subsonic can avoid being tracked by sonic boom. The presence of supersonic and jet-powered stealth aircraft such as the SR-71 Blackbird indicates that acoustic signature is not always a major driver in aircraft design, as the Blackbird relied more on its extremely high speed and altitude.
Currently, Australia's food labeling laws do not require trans fats to be shown separately from the total fat content. However, margarine in Australia has been mostly free of trans fat since 1996.
Campus security is enforced by the University of Oregon Police Department. The department was previously known as the Department of Public Safety. Formerly a campus security force, the department transitioned to its new role in 2012.
On 19 March, at a charity auction at the Roundhouse in Camden, north London, Clarkson launched into a humorous verbal tirade against BBC studio bosses related to his suspension from the programme, saying "The BBC have fucked themselves." He later stated that this was "meant in jest".
He was born of an old Highland family in Aberdeen, Scotland. In October 1838 he was admitted to deacon's orders, and after his return from Italy he took charge of the episcopal congregation at Forres, and was ordained a presbyter in the autumn of 1841. In 1847 he was consecrated bishop of the newly united Diocese of Argyll and The Isles, the duties of which position he discharged till his death. In 1851 he received the degree of D.C.L. from the University of Oxford.
The family possibly also includes the sapayoa from the Neotropics and the asities from Madagascar, although many taxonomists now separate each of the three into distinct families.
The Western Heights of Dover are one of the most impressive fortifications in Britain. They comprise a series of forts, strong points and ditches, designed to protect the United Kingdom from invasion. They were created to augment the existing defences and protect the key port of Dover from both seaward and landward attack. First given earthworks in 1779 against the planned invasion that year, the high ground west of Dover, England, now called Dover Western Heights, was properly fortified in 1804 when Lieutenant-Colonel William Twiss was instructed to modernise the existing defences. This was part of a huge programme of fortification in response to Napoleon's planned invasion of the United Kingdom. To assist with the movement of troops between Dover Castle and the town defences Twiss made his case for building the Grand Shaft in the cliff:
Chambers, William Nisbet. ''Old Bullion Benton, Senator from the New West: Thomas Hart Benton, 1782-1858'' (1958); Scholarly biography
Good examples of English anchorholds can still be seen at Chester-le-Street in Durham, and at Hartlip in Kent.
In the early 1960s Brookmeyer joined flugelhorn player Clark Terry in a band that achieved some success. In February 1965 Brookmeyer and Terry appeared together on BBC2's Jazz 625.
A parry is usually followed by a riposte, which is an attack back against the original attacker.  More advanced fencers can, instead of immediately riposting after successfully taking a parry, initiate a prise de fer ("taking of the blade") in which they move the opponent's blade to a different position and then hit them.
When running, the mainsail is eased out as far as it will go. The jib will collapse because the mainsail blocks its wind, and must either be lowered and replaced by a spinnaker, or set instead on the windward side of the boat. Running with the jib to windward is known as 'gull wing', 'goose wing', 'butterflying' or 'wing and wing'.  A genoa gull-wings well, especially if stabilized by a whisker pole, which is similar to but lighter than a spinnaker pole.
Chinese defense minister Liang Guanglie has said that China is 20 years behind the United States in military technology.
Twenty-three tornadoes were reported in association with Alicia. Fourteen of those were located in the Galveston and Hobby Airport area. The other nine were concentrated around Tyler to Houston, Texas, ranging around F2 on the Fujita scale.
In the sci-fi fantasy show Farscape, John Crichton converts a DRD to belt out the overture in order to ground him and help maintain his focus. He even paints the French flag on the droid and labels it "1812".
This prominent body of water is a horn-shaped estuary that joins Bosphorus Strait at the immediate point where the strait meets the Sea of Marmara, thus forming a narrow, isolated peninsula, the tip of which is "Old Istanbul" (ancient Byzantium and Constantinople), and the promontory of Sarayburnu, or Seraglio Point. The Golden Horn geographically separates the historic center of Istanbul from the rest of the city, and forms a natural, sheltered harbor that has historically protected Greek, Roman, Byzantine, Ottoman and other maritime trade ships for thousands of years.
The city first released a draft rezoning in July 2006, after hearing input from neighborhood advocates including the Greenwich Village Society for Historic Preservation (GVSHP), Community Board 3, the East Village Community Coalition, and City Councilmember Rosie Mendez. Concerned that the Third Avenue corridor, where much of the most out-of-scale development was occurring, was left out of that draft, advocates continued to push for an expansion of the rezoning, eventually securing the 3rd/4th Avenue Corridor Downzoning in 2010. The GVSHP report "Keeping in Character" summed up the changes this way:
The sections (Beavers to Senior Scouts) are led by a Section Leader, who must hold a warrant for the position, aided by assistant leaders. Other adults who help run a section may be volunteers (such as parents of children in the Group), Instructors (Scouts, Senior Scouts and Rovers that have been trained to assist the leaders), and members of the Group Executive Committee who help operate the Group financially. Rover Crews mainly govern themselves, but are assisted by a Rover Scout Master who ensures that the Crew is working within the rules of the association.
The school year ends with the luau ("Rock-a-Hula Luau"), during which the Cycle Lords appear and begin to destroy the celebration. However, the Cool Rider reappears. After he defeats the Cycle Lords again, he reveals himself to be Michael. Initially shocked, Johnny gives him a T-Birds jacket, officially welcoming him into the gang, and Stephanie accepts that she can now be with him. All the couples pair off happily at the seniors' graduation as the graduating class sings ("We'll Be Together"). The credits start rolling in yearbook-style, as in the original film.
The school was named after Generals George Washington and Robert E. Lee.
However, some critics of fractional reserve banking argue that the practice inherently artificially lowers real interest rates and leads to business cycles propagated by excessive capital investment and subsequent contraction.  A small number of critics, such as Michael Rowbotham, equate the practice to  counterfeiting, because banks are granted the legal right to issue new loans while charging interest on the money thus created. Rowbotham argues that this concentrates wealth in the banking sector with various pernicious effects.
3...b6? (Rotary Defence or Albany Defence)
Although originally a title reserved for royalty, select nobles, and church hierarchs, it is now often used as a mark of esteem for a person of personal, social or official distinction, such as a community leader of long standing, a person of significant wealth, or a noble, but may also be used ironically. As a style, rather than a title or rank, it is used with, and not instead of, a person's name.
Playwright and theatre director, Ratan Thiyam, stage his production based on the poem as closing production of 4th Bharat Rang Mahotsav in 2002.
The Squadron Supreme is a fictional superhero team appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Basilan' median age was 19 years, lower than the 1995 figure of 25 years.
During the An Lushan Rebellion, as Emperor Xuanzong and his cortege were fleeing from the capital Chang'an to Chengdu, the emperor's guards demanded that he put Yang to death because they blamed the rebellion on her cousin Yang Guozhong and the rest of her family. The emperor capitulated and reluctantly ordered his attendant Gao Lishi to strangle Yang to death.
Nares Cape, on Ellesmere Island.
Egan's voice has been featured in the English language versions of two feature films by Hayao Miyazaki: Spirited Away and Porco Rosso. She is most widely known for voicing Megara in Hercules and reprised her role in Kingdom Hearts II.
In the series' first story, Trigon makes a series of attacks on every member, former or current, of the Teen Titans and Trigon has "another child" that, unlike Raven, will assist him in his attack. After reclaiming Titans Island and establishing a headquarters on the East River, Cyborg sets out to create an East Coast Titans team. However, during a training session, the team was massacred by an unseen force. Though Cyborg survives, Titans' members past and present are attacked by demonic entities across the globe. Raven, sensing Trigon's presence once again, calls upon her former Titans allies to defeat her fiendish father.
ANCEP was founded in 1998 as an educational organisation aimed at Norwegian students. ANCEP then worked to spread knowledge and understanding of ecology, philosophy and non-violence. In 2003 ANCEP changed its name to Gateway College.  The institution has schools in the following locations: Bali, Mexico, Canada, London, New York, San Francisco, Cape Town.
The defendants' lawyers obtained reversal of the verdicts by the Arkansas Supreme Court in six of the twelve cases in which the defendants received death sentences. The grounds were that the jury had failed to specify whether the defendants were guilty of murder in the first or second degree; those cases (known as Ware et al.) were sent back to the lower court for retrial. The lower court retried the defendants beginning on May 3, 1920. On the third day of the trials, their attorney George Murphy collapsed in the courtroom. Scipio Jones had to carry most of the responsibility for the remaining trials. The all-white juries quickly convicted the six defendants of second-degree murder and sentenced them to 12 years each in prison. Jones appealed these convictions, which were overturned by the State Supreme Court. It found that the exclusion of blacks from the juries resulted in a lack of due process for the defendants, according to the Fourteenth Amendment and the Civil Rights Act of 1875.
Maxvalu in Happy Valley, Zhujiang New Town, Tianhe, Guangzhou.
Since 1998, the Holden Commodore has been sold as the Chevrolet Lumina in the Middle East and South Africa, and previously in South East Asia.
Long after Rico's death, Dredd would be haunted by his memory. He tried to stop Vienna from learning about her father's death but she believed he must have had a good reason for killing him.
Exporting to foreign countries poses challenges not found in domestic sales. With domestic sales, manufacturers typically sell to wholesalers or direct to retailer or even direct to consumers. When exporting, manufacturers may have to sell to importers who then in turn sell to wholesalers. Extra layer(s) in the chain of distribution squeezes margins and manufacturers may need to offer lower prices to importers than to domestic wholesalers.
McKeown, Sean (1993) ''The general care and maintenance of day geckos''. Advanced Vivarium Systems, Lakeside CA.
Drafted in 1961 by the American Football League's Buffalo Bills, Billy Shaw of Georgia Tech was the prototypical "pulling guard" who despite his size held his own against much bigger defensive linemen like Ernie Ladd, Earl Faison and Buck Buchanan. With the Bills, he won three straight Eastern Division titles and two American Football League championships in 1964 and 1965.
D'Artagnan finds that the former musketeer, who had thought of little other than being a priest, is now a priest who thinks of little other than being a soldier. Aramis is not willing to enter into Mazarin's service, however. D'Artagnan leaves but waits in hiding, suspecting that Aramis is both the Frondeur who had been sought earlier and the lover of Madame de Longueville. His suspicions are confirmed.
Washoe was raised in an environment as close as possible to that of a human child, in an attempt to satisfy her psychological need for companionship.
His first recordings for Deutsche Grammophon in 1971 included Stravinsky's Trois mouvements de Petrouchka and Prokofiev's Seventh Sonata and are still considered a landmark of twentieth century piano discography. Since then he has been one of Deutsche Grammophon's leading pianists. His recording of Chopin's Etudes, Opp. 10 and 25, also under Deutsche Grammophon, won Pollini international acclaim. In 2002, Deutsche Grammophon released a 13-CD commemorative edition to celebrate the pianist's 60th birthday.
The amir sends a force of militia to occupy the Mittai Valley in Bajaur, where the clans previously received a demand for taxes. The Khan of Nawagai, who rendered excellent service in the Chitral expedition, is alarmed and complains to the government of India. The amir, after some hesitation, acknowledges his obligations under the Durand Line Agreement, but at the end of the year the Afghan outpost still remains at Mittai.
(2) Various individuals and groups experienced appearances of Jesus alive after his death.  
By the beginning of the 20th century, Christian hymns, work songs and gold rush songs were popular, some in native languages and some in English or German.  By the 1920s, recorded music had become popular and radio broadcasting of western popular music appeared by the late 1930s.  A few years later, Allied soldiers and sailors during World War II popularized the guitar and ukulele while stationed in the Philippines and Hawaii.  String bands became very popular by the early 1950s, and soon dominated the pop landscape.  In the late 1960s, rock bands like the Kopikats had appeared in cities, while string bands like the Paramana Strangers had become well-known internationally.  This was followed by the importation of bamboo bands, a style of music from the Solomon Islands using bamboo tubes played by hitting them with sandals.  It first arrived in the area of Madang in the mid-1970s, and soon spread throughout the country.
The first archaeological exploration of et-Tell was undertaken in September 1928 under the supervision of John Garstang. Eight trenches were dug, five against the outer side of the southern city wall and three within the city itself. The outcome of this excavation was never formally published, and the only report known is a three-page summary filed by Garstang at the end of the work. In a later book, Garstang claimed that Late Bronze Age pottery, dating to c. 1400 BC, was found in this excavation, but this pottery was not mentioned in his earlier summary of the work and cannot now be located.
From March to October 2006, Chang appeared on the weekly technology podcast from Ziff Davis media called Whats New Now hosted by Jim Louderback.
These day geckos feed on various insects and other invertebrates. They also like to lick soft, sweet fruit, pollen and nectar.
In order to receive CDBG funds, applicants must identify urgent needs of the community, and solicit project ideas and plans from citizens and local organizations that address those needs.  Thus, the CDBG program represents a significant shift in how the federal government addresses poverty and blight.  Some researchers argue that because CDBG is a bottom-up program it is significantly more successful than previous programs.  Others have said CDBG's scope of allowed activities is too broad, making it difficult to measure program performance.
Bouchard made his professional playwriting debut in 1983 and since then has written some 25 plays.
For Abdulah Bul Bul Ameer.
The Tamar Science Park adjoins the older Kiryat Weizmann industrial park. Although the entire extended science park is largely conceived as an area of Rehovot, the Kiryat Weizmann part is actually under the municipal boundaries of neighbouring Ness Ziona. Tamar Science Park consists of leading hi-tech and bio-tech companies.
"Confirmatory bias" is the unconscious tendency to accept reports which support the reviewer's views and to downplay those which do not. Experimental studies show the problem exists in peer reviewing.
All eight Crescent Records releases feature Kid Ory's Creole Jazz Band.
Hunting for sperm whales during this period was a notoriously dangerous affair for the crews of the 19th-century whaleboats. Although a properly harpooned sperm whale generally exhibited a fairly consistent pattern of attempting to flee underwater to the point of exhaustion (at which point it would surface and offer no further resistance), it was not uncommon for bull whales to become enraged and turn to attack pursuing whaleboats on the surface, particularly if it had already been wounded by repeated harpooning attempts. A commonly reported tactic was for the whale to invert itself and violently thrash the surface of the water with its fluke, flipping and crushing nearby boats.
Note: Statistics are correct through the end of the 2016 Arena Football League season.
In 1863, he was elected director of the Tekelianum, at Ofenpesth (Budapest). He now renewed the study of medicine at the university,
The Welsh Assembly Government was renamed Welsh Government (Llywodraeth Cymru) under the Wales Act 2014.
Management and stock assessment are applied to separate stocks of albacore believed to occur in the North Pacific, South Pacific, Indian Ocean, North Atlantic and South Atlantic.
Celine Dion performed for one night in front of 50,000 fans on 6 July 1999, during her Let's Talk About Love World Tour.
A simpler example are the free monoids. The free monoid on a set X, is the monoid of all finite strings using X as alphabet, with operation concatenation of strings. The identity is the empty string. In essence, the free monoid is simply the set of all words, with no equivalence relations imposed. This example is developed further in the article on the Kleene star.
The operation was named after Palmach officer Daniel "Dani" Mass, who had fallen on January 16, 1948 while commanding a relief action known as "Convoy of 35".
In 2003, foreigners from Africa were responsible for 2.8 times as much crime per capita as Japanese natives but were slightly less likely to commit violent crime.
To date most ICF experiments have used lasers to heat the target. Calculations show that the energy must be delivered quickly in order to compress the core before it disassembles. The laser energy also must be focused extremely evenly across the target's outer surface in order to collapse the fuel into a symmetric core. Although other drivers have been suggested, notably heavy ions driven in particle accelerators, lasers are currently the only devices with the right combination of features.
After the MFDP was disbanded, many formed a new party, the Loyal Democrats of Mississippi. In 1968, they were successful at the DNC in being seated as the only delegation from Mississippi. Several of these delegates were members of the MFDP.
Citgo has its headquarters in the Energy Corridor area of Houston, Texas, United States.
Shea, G. 1982. Observations on some members of the genus Tiliqua. Herpetofauna 13(2):18-20
Typhlacontias is a genus of legless, burrowing skinks in the family Scincidae, a genus endemic to Sub-Saharan Africa. Its sister group is the clade consisting of the genera Feylinia and Melanoseps.
As of November 2013, Internet2 has over 500 members including 251 institutions of higher education,  9 partners and 76 members from industry,  over 100 research and education networks or connector organizations, and 67 affiliate members.
She worked as a musician with her first CD "Sequel" (2003), where she sings, and plays the guitar and bass.
This is a list of broadcast television stations in the U.S. state of Illinois.
In Kirby v. Kirby (1921), Mr. Kirby asked the state of Arizona for an annulment of his marriage. He charged that his marriage was invalid because his wife was of "negro" descent, thus violating the state's anti-miscegenation law. The Arizona Supreme Court judged Mrs. Kirby's race by observing her physical characteristics and determined that she was of mixed race, therefore granting Mr. Kirby's annulment.
In 2008 Honey attended the UK Adult Film Awards once more, representing Television X and Red Hot TV along with Linsey Dawn Mckenzie and other British adult film stars. Television X has shown some of his most recent projects such as St/ Teenycums, which won Best Script at the UK Adult Film Awards 2008.
As a noun or a verb, the word primal denotes the reliving of an early painful feeling. A complete primal has been found, according to Janov and Holden, to be marked by a "pre-primal" rise in vital signs such as pulse, core body temperature, and blood pressure leading up to the feeling experience and then a falling off of those vital signs to a more normal level than where they began. After the primal ("post-primal"), Janov claims the patient will be flooded with his own insights.
Hittite is one of the Anatolian languages. It is known from cuneiform tablets and inscriptions erected by the Hittite kings. The script formerly known as "Hieroglyphic Hittite" is now termed Hieroglyphic Luwian. The Anatolian branch also includes Cuneiform Luwian, Hieroglyphic Luwian, Palaic, Lycian, Milyan, Lydian, Carian, Pisidian, and Sidetic.
In 1913, Chevalier Jackson was the first to report a high rate of success for the use of direct laryngoscopy as a means to intubate the trachea. Jackson introduced a new laryngoscope blade that had a light source at the distal tip, rather than the proximal light source used by Kirstein. This new blade incorporated a component that the operator could slide out to allow room for passage of an endoracheal tube or bronchoscope.
Marwood died in 1883 from pneumonia and jaundice and was buried at Trinity Church, Horncastle, Lincolnshire.
When you think it is clear, look away, to the road that you are entering. There is an optical illusion that, after a time, presents an oncoming vehicle as further away and travelling slower. Looking away breaks this illusion.
The piano guajeo for "Dame un cachito pa' huele" (1946) completely departs from both the generic son guajeo and the song's melody. The pattern marks the clave by accenting the backbeat on the two-side. Moore observes: "Like so many aspects of Arsenio's music, this miniature composition is decades ahead of its time. It would be forty years before groups began to consistently apply this much creative variation at the guajeo level of the arranging process" (2009: 41).
In Germany, dirigibles of the 1920s and 1930s were used extensively to carry airmail; it was known as Zeppelin mail, or dirigible mail. The German Zeppelins were especially visible in this role, and many countries issued special stamps for use on Zeppelin mail.
Inspired by the Angel of the North, several similar projects have been proposed. The Angel of the South title has been given by some to the Willow Man, which sits to the side of the M5 in Somerset, while a project, informally named the Angel of the South, has been proposed in Ebbsfleet, Kent. The sculpture Brick Man (also by Gormley) was proposed for the Holbeck area of Leeds.
However, Knight's contributions to the Athletic Department at UO have also led to controversy. In April 2000, student body leaders began organizing an anti-sweatshop and fair labor practices campaign, and called for Dave Frohnmayer, president of the school, to support the Workers Rights Consortium (WRC). On April 4, 2000, students began a sit-in at Johnson Hall, the UO's administrative center. In early April, an open meeting of students further demanded that the organization Fair Labor Association (FLA) would receive no consideration from the university, as it was perceived as a group founded, funded and backed by Nike and other corporations, and had also been criticized by worker rights advocates as an exercise in dishonest public relations.
Krapp is not a textbook case. He is an individual with his own individual symptomology but he is more than a list of symptoms. Bananas contain pectin, a soluble fibre that can help normalise movement through the digestive tract and ease constipation. Bananas can also aggravate constipation especially in young children. It depends what the root cause of the problem is. They are also high in Vitamins A and C as well as niacin, riboflavin and thiamine and one of the root causes of Korsakoff's Syndrome is thiamine deficiency; eating bananas would be good for him. It is easy to get caught up in this kind of over-analysis to the detriment of the play as a whole. "Attempts to demonstrate that Beckett's characters conform to specific psychological syndromes so often turn into will-o-the-wisp pursuits. Certainly, Beckett would not deny that psychologists have offered very useful descriptions of mental activity. But their theories are typically no more than initial steps in an understanding of mental processes, fragmented bits of knowledge which should not be taken for universal principles." It is important to remember that Krapp has not simply forgotten his past but he has consciously and systematically rejected it as one way of reassuring himself that he has made the right decisions in "his yearly word letting."
Edward D. Dimnent (1918-1931, Hope College Class of 1896)
During World War II, members of the armed forces (unless under orders) were forbidden to possess civilian clothing. This not only made desertion more difficult but also ensured that any captured service member would be treated as a prisoner of war under the rules of war (soldiers captured in combat zones in possession of civilian clothing were liable to be treated as spies and summarily executed). In pre-war conditions, discharged veterans typically donned civilian clothing when returning home, but this was logistically difficult during wartime and immediate post-war America. Approximately 16 million men and women served in the uniformed services during the crisis, most of whom were scheduled to be discharged within a short period of time during the general demobilization at the end of the war. Clothing was already in short supply due to cloth rationing, and the immediate clothing needs of millions of returning veterans threatened to crash an already overtaxed system.  Federal law however prevented civilians, even veterans, from wearing military uniforms under most circumstances.  The Honorable Service Lapel Button was created to allow returning veterans to legally continue to wear their military uniforms while at the same time identifying that they were no longer active duty personnel.
In 1845, Hooker applied for the Chair of Botany at the University of Edinburgh. This position included duties at the Royal Botanic Gardens of Scotland, and so the appointment was influenced by local politicians. An unusually protracted struggle ensued, resulting in the election of the locally born and bred botanist, John Hutton Balfour. The Darwin correspondence, now public, makes clear Darwin's sense of shock at this unexpected outcome. Hooker declined a chair at Glasgow University which became vacant on Balfour's appointment. Instead, he took a position as botanist to the Geological Survey of Great Britain in 1846. He began work on palaeobotany, searching for fossil plants in the coal-beds of Wales, eventually discovering the first coal ball in 1855. He became engaged to Frances Henslow, daughter of Charles Darwin's botany tutor John Stevens Henslow, but he was keen to continue to travel and gain more experience in the field. He wanted to travel to India and the Himalayas. In 1847 his father nominated him to travel to India and collect plants for Kew. In 2011, a collection of glass plate slides of paleontological fossils, some prepared by Darwin, William Nicol and others, which had been lost following Hookers brief tenure with the Survey, were rediscovered in the  Survey vaults in Keyworth, and they shed light on the international breadth of English scientific research in the first half of the nineteenth century.
The Ameru occupy the east and north slopes of the mountain. They are generally agricultural and also keep livestock and occupy what is among the most fertile land in Kenya. The Meru God Murungu was from the skies. Their name for Mt. Kenya is Kirimara, which means 'mountain with white features'. Mt. Kenya features a lot in the Ameru folklore and songs.
There were also around 40 municipal referendums in Finland (as of 2006). Most have been about municipal mergers.
In 2016, Maryna Viazovska announced a proof that the E8 lattice provides the optimal packing (regardless of regularity) in eight-dimensional space, and soon afterwards she and a group of collaborators announced a similar proof that the Leech lattice is optimal in 24 dimensions. This result built on and improved previous methods which showed that these two lattices are very close to optimal.
British researchers Richard G. Wilkinson and Kate Pickett have found higher rates of health and social problems (obesity, mental illness, homicides, teenage births, incarceration, child conflict, drug use), and lower rates of social goods (life expectancy by country, educational performance, trust among strangers, women's status, social mobility, even numbers of patents issued) in countries and states with higher inequality. Using statistics from 23 developed countries and the 50 states of the US, they found social/health problems lower in countries like Japan and Finland and states like Utah and New Hampshire with high levels of equality, than in countries (US and UK) and states (Mississippi and New York) with large differences in household income.
At present, Samoyed territory extends from the White Sea to the Laptev Sea, along the Arctic shores of European Russia, including southern Novaya Zemlya, the Yamal Peninsula, the mouths of the Ob and the Yenisei, and into the Taimyr peninsula in northernmost Siberia. Their economy is based on reindeer herding. They are contiguous with the trans-Ural Ugric speakers and the cis-Ural Komi to the south, but they are cut off from the Baltic Finns by the Russians in the west. To the east traditionally dwell the northern Turkic Sakha. A substantial Samoyed city grew up at Mangazeya in the 16th century as a trade city, but was destroyed at the beginning of the 17th century.
The Geological Society of London (also known as the Geological Society) is a learned society based in the United Kingdom. It is the oldest national geological society in the world and the largest in Europe with over 12,000 Fellows. Fellows are entitled to the postnominal FGS (Fellow of the Geological Society), over 2,000 of whom are Chartered Geologists (CGeol). The Society is a Registered Charity, No. 210161. It is also a member of the Science Council, and is licensed to award Chartered Scientist to qualifying members.
Introduced in December 1921, the Peace dollar, designed by medalist Anthony de Francisci, was promulgated to commemorate the signing of formal peace treaties between the Allied forces and Germany and Austria.  These treaties officially ended the Allies' World War I hostilities with these two countries. In 1922 the Mint made silver dollar production its top priority, causing other denominations to be produced sparingly if at all that year. Production ceased temporarily after 1928; original plans apparently called for only a one-year suspension, but this was extended by the Great Depression. Mintage resumed in 1934, but for only two years.
''Handbook of Denominations (6th ed.)'', by Frank S. Mead
The airport was established in 1929 by Alpar, a private airline that operated within Switzerland until the outbreak of World War II. After the war, Alpar remained in business as the airport's operator, supported by subsidies of the cantonal and city government. A planned expansion of the airport in 1947 did not pass in a popular referendum, and it was not until 1950 that the first concrete airstrip was built. In 2014, Alpar was renamed to Flughafen Bern AG.
The LMDC obtained a patent for one of its 9/11 Memorial endeavors in 2005. Engraving for a National Memorial , U.S. Patent D506,860, designed by Michael Anthony Stahl of Huntsville, AL. was registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on June 28, 2005.
The school went through a major renovation in 1995, just four years before the massacre, adding a new library and cafeteria. After the shootings, Columbine completely demolished its library, located above the cafeteria, since it was the site where the majority of the deaths occurred. The site was then turned into a memorial ceiling and atrium; a new, larger library was built on the hill where the shooting began and dedicated to the memory of the victims.
Xu Sheng (died c. 225), courtesy name Wenxiang, was a military general serving under the warlord Sun Quan in the late Eastern Han dynasty and the early Three Kingdoms period.
The Whitstable Museum and Gallery displays artefacts and portraits relating to the town's seafaring traditions, with special features on oysters, diving and shipping. In 2001, the Museum was awarded the international Nautiek Award for services to diving history.
According to Tom Garvin such a decision gave the new force a cultural ace: "the taboo on killing unarmed men and women who could not reasonably be seen as spies and informers."
During the 1850s Tututni, game trails and hunting grounds were destroyed by whites clearing land for farms. In 1851 on Tututni land town of Port Orford was built. Tututnis were further pressured when more settlers came to Port Orford after discovery of gold in the Rogue River valley. With the discovery of gold Rogue River valley became the center for the Rogue River Wars of 1851-1856. On February 1856 Tututnis attacked Gold Beach Guards, who were encamped opposite large Tututni village at Port Orford. In the conflict Tututnis burned most of the settlers homes between Port Orford and Smith River. 
In the spring of 1997 Plasmon launched its DW260 drive, which used LIMDOW technology for a higher level of performance than previous magneto-optical drives. LIMDOW drives that shipped in the second half of 1997 has search speeds of less than 15 ms and data transfer rates in excess of 4 Mbit/s, which are fast enough for storing audio and streaming MPEG-2 video.
'''Louve''': Thorgal and Aaricia's daughter. She has the ability to communicate with animals.
Forres will host the first race of the World Orienteering Championships 2015 on Friday 31 July, when the Sprint Qualification event is held there. Two days later on 2 August it also hosts the Sprint Final event.
The Mars Polar Lander, also known as the Mars Surveyor '98 Lander, was a 290-kilogram robotic spacecraft lander launched by NASA on January 3, 1999 to study the soil and climate of Planum Australe, a region near the south pole on Mars. It formed part of the Mars Surveyor '98 mission. On December 3, 1999, however, after the descent phase was expected to be complete, the lander failed to reestablish communication with Earth.  A post-mortem analysis determined the most likely cause of the mishap was premature termination of the engine firing prior to the lander touching the surface, causing it to strike the planet at a high velocity.
The "Middle Passage" was considered a time of in-betweenness for those being traded from Africa to America. The close quarters and intentional division of pre-established African communities by the ship crew motivated captive Africans to forge bonds of kinship which then created forced transatlantic communities. 
Modern English usage differentiates a wadi from another canyon or wash by the action and prevalence of water.  Wadis, as drainage courses, are formed by water, but are distinguished from river valleys or gullies in that surface water is intermittent or ephemeral. Wadis are generally dry year round, except after a rain. The desert environment is characterized by sudden but infrequent heavy rainfall, often resulting in flash floods. Crossing wadis at certain times of the year can be dangerous as a result.
Natural history The coast at Hartland is part of the North Devon Coast AONB. The British Geological Survey operate a magnetic observatory (one of three in the UK) just to the north of Hartland.
Galtung himself has vehemently repudiated the above attacks as "smearing and libel" in a published statement and a public lecture at the end of the year 2012.
Brill Church of England Combined School is a mixed, voluntary controlled, Church of England primary school. It takes children from the age of four through to the age of eleven. The school has about 175 pupils.
The judges were Tom Bradley, Mayor of Los Angeles; Jules Feiffer, playwright and social cartoonist; Fay Kanin, President, The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences; Victor Navasky, Editor, The Nation; and Tom Wicker, Columnist and Associate Editor, The New York TImes.
Two of the three offered internships in breaks (summer or winter).
Chearsley is a village and civil parish within Aylesbury Vale district in Buckinghamshire, England.  It is situated about seven miles south west of Aylesbury, and about four miles north of Thame, in Oxfordshire.
Bottled water is bought for many different reasons including taste, convenience, poor tap water quality and safety concerns, health concerns and as a substitute for sugary drinks. The environmental impact, container safety, water origin, emergency supplies and role of the bottled water industry continue to be areas of concern for many people.
Meinong holds that objects can be divided into three categories on the basis of their ontological status. Objects may have one of the following three modalities of being and non-being:
''Penguin Modern Poets: Carol Ann Duffy, Vicki Feaver, Eavan Boland''. London: Penguin, 1995.
One of his most significant accomplishments was his contribution to the redefining of the Greek Language. The Greeks were dispersed so widely across Europe, people who served several masters. He decided to purge the Demotic (the vernacular or spoken language) of foreign elements. His intent was to bring the language as close as possible to the classic of Ancient Greece. This effort ultimately led to his publishing the "Atakta", the first Modern Greek dictionary.
This Artabanus is not be confused with Xerxes' uncle of the same name: Artabanus, son of Hystaspes (and thus brother of Xerxes' father Darius I).
Yemen is a one party dominant state in which the General People's Congress (GPC) holds power. Opposition parties are allowed and elections are regularly held.
The whole territory of the French Republic is divided into communes; even uninhabited mountains or rain forests are dependent on a commune for their administration. This is unlike some other countries, such as the United States, where unincorporated areas directly governed by a county or a higher authority can be found. There are only a few exceptions:
There was an earlier battle at Tanagra during the First Peloponnesian War; see Battle of Tanagra (457 BC).
Before the arrival of the Spaniards, the territory of what is now the State of Aguascalientes was inhabited by Chichimecas, who made the territory difficult to access.   In fact, the total occupation of the lands of El Bajio was a task that would take about two centuries.   With respect to this, Viceroy Luis de Velasco offered municipal benefits to those who established settlements to confront the Chichimeca.   And for his part, Viceroy Gaston de Peralta decided to confront them directly, which did not give good results.
Some taxi companies used callboxes before the introduction of two-way radio dispatching, as a way for drivers to report to the dispatch office and receive customer requests for service.  Taxi callboxes would be located at taxi stands, where taxis would queue for trips.
According to traditional Ayurvedic medicine, chewing areca nut and betel leaf is a remedy for bad breath. In South Asia, it was a custom to chew areca or betel nut and betel leaf among lovers because of the breath-freshening and stimulant drug properties of the mixture. Both the nut and the leaf are mild stimulants and can be addictive with repeated use. The betel nut will also cause dental decay and red or black staining of teeth when chewed. Both areca nut and betel leaf chewing, however, can cause premalignant lesions such as leukoplakia and submucous fibrosis, and are recognised risk factors for oral and oropharyngeal squamous cell carcinoma (oral cancer). Other traditional remedies for halitosis include Guava leaves in Thailand, eggshells in China, parsley in Italy, and urine-based mouth rinse in certain European cultures.
An unconditional surrender is a surrender in which no guarantees are given to the surrendering party. In modern times, unconditional surrenders most often include guarantees provided by international law. Announcing that only unconditional surrender is acceptable puts psychological pressure on a weaker adversary, but may also prolong hostilities. Perhaps the most notable unconditional surrender was by the Axis powers in World War II.
Salyut 3/OPS-2 conducted a successful remote test firing with the station unmanned due to concerns over excessive vibration and noise.
The school buildings have been used in several film and television productions. They were used in the 1986 film Clockwise, starring John Cleese, supposedly as the University of East Anglia. The school featured briefly in the 2006 Ray Winstone Channel 4 TV film All in the Game. The school has also been used in several episodes of the BBC medical drama Doctors. The school grounds were used in 2000 to film a feature on the Mazda MX-5 sports car for Clarkson's Car Years, presented by Jeremy Clarkson, against a background of boys in the Shells playing rugby on a rainy day.
A mullet "barbed to chief" appears in the arms of the 240th Signal Battalion of the 40th Infantry Division of the California Army National Guard United States Army.
He unsuccessfully contested the parliamentary constituency of Stirling at the 1983 General Election but finished 5,133 behind the Conservative and Unionist future Secretary of State for Scotland Michael Forsyth. Connarty faced Forsyth again at Stirling at the 1987 General Election. Connarty came very close, but Forsyth was the eventual winner by a margin of 548.
In general, melissopalynology is used to combat fraud and inaccurate labelling of honey. Information gained from the study of a given sample of honey (and pollen) is useful when substantiating claims of a particular source for the sample. Monofloral honey derived from one particular source plant may be more valuable than honey derived from many types of plants. The price of honey also varies according to the region from which it originates.
In 1968, a violent confrontation between demonstrators and police in Lincoln Park occurred during the week of the 1968 Democratic National Convention.
Freeze tolerant: These species are able to survive body fluid freezing.  Some freeze tolerant species are thought to use AFPs as cryoprotectants to prevent the damage of freezing, but not freezing altogether.  The exact mechanism is still unknown.  However, it is thought AFPs may inhibit recrystallization and stabilize cell membranes to prevent damage by ice.  They may work in conjunction with protein ice nucleators (PINs) to control the rate of ice propagation following freezing.
Clayton Christensen was born on April 6, 1952, in Salt Lake City, Utah, the second of eight children born to Robert Christensen and his wife, Verda Mae. He grew up in the Rose Park neighborhood of Salt Lake City and attended the nearby West High School, where he was student body president.  Christensen and his siblings were raised as members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).
His son, Ignazio Solari, executed, together with Fra Donato Mascagni, the frescoes in the Salzburg Cathedral. He also painted the altar piece "Burial of Christ" on the north wall of the cathedral.
Under cloudless conditions, more interesting than the sunset itself is the view of the progression of the mountain's shadow across the California Central Valley to the distant Sierra Nevada, finally appearing for a few moments above the horizon as a shadow in the post-sunset sky glow.
Historian Adrian Cioroianu defined the early Codreanu as a "quasi-demagogue agitator". According to Cioroianu, Codreanu loved Romania with "fanaticism", which implied that he saw the country as "idyllicized and different from the real one of his times". British scholar Christopher Catherwood also referred to Codreanu as "an obsessive anti-Semite and religious fanatic". Historian Zeev Barbu proposed that "Cuza was Codreanu's mentor ..., but nothing that Codreanu learned from him was strikingly new. Cuza served mainly as a catalyst for his nationalism and antisemitism." As he himself later acknowledged, the young activist was also deeply influenced by the physiologist and antisemitic ideologue Nicolae Paulescu, who was involved with Cuza's movement.
The Scottish Amateur Football Association (SAFA) is the organising body for amateur football across Scotland. An affiliate of the Scottish Football Association, the SAFA has in turn 50 regional associations affiliated to it and some 67 different league competitions organised by these associations. There is estimated to be over 35,000 amateur footballers in Scotland, and all of their competitions are co-ordinated at some level by the Scottish Amateur Football Association. The SAFA was formed in 1909 with the purpose of legislating for and fostering the amateur level of football in Scotland.
The state constitution had come under considerable criticism beginning in the 1840s because it allowed most government positions to be filled by appointment. The problem with this method of filling positions did not manifest itself until the advent of the state's political parties. Once in power, a party could stack the government with its own members, making it difficult for the minority to regain power. Another problem was that the authority for many trivial issues were not delegated to other authorities. For example, if a man was to divorce his wife, the divorce bill had to be approved by the General Assembly before he or she could legally remarry.
When the Lewis structure of an ion is written, the entire structure is placed in brackets, and the charge is written as a superscript on the upper right, outside the brackets.
Although Guthrie is home to one of the larger congregations in this fellowship, Guthrie is not the headquarters. The church teaches that Christ is the head of the church and that the headquarters is in heaven. An ecclesiastical hierarchy with one man having the preeminence over others is considered man-rule and not the pattern described in the Bible for church leadership.
On June 15, 2010, a grand jury in Virginia indicted 27 Outlaws members on various charges under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO) related to participating in a criminal enterprise that engaged in assaults, kidnapping, drug dealing, illegal gambling, and attempted murder.
Following the introduction of the Bedroom Tax (officially the Under-occupancy penalty) in the Welfare Reform Act 2012, disability activists have played a significant role in the development of Bedroom Tax protests.
During the American Revolution, the British controlled Narragansett Bay and raided and burned the farms on Point Judith and the surrounding areas in the late 1770s under Captain Wallace.
They are found in deciduous forests of eastern North America during the breeding season and then migrate to forested mountain areas in South America.
As to the doctrine of slavery and the right of Christians to hold Africans in perpetual servitude, and sell and treat them as we do our horses and cattle, that (it is true) has been heretofore countenanced by the Province Laws formerly, but nowhere is it expressly enacted or established. It has been a usage -- a usage which took its origin from the practice of some of the European nations, and the regulations of British government respecting the then Colonies, for the benefit of trade and wealth. But whatever sentiments have formerly prevailed in this particular or slid in upon us by the example of others, a different idea has taken place with the people of America, more favorable to the natural rights of mankind, and to that natural, innate desire of Liberty, with which Heaven (without regard to color, complexion, or shape of noses-features) has inspired all the human race. And upon this ground our Constitution of Government, by which the people of this Commonwealth have solemnly bound themselves, sets out with declaring that all men are born free and equal -- and that every subject is entitled to liberty, and to have it guarded by the laws, as well as life and property -- and in short is totally repugnant to the idea of being born slaves. This being the case, I think the idea of slavery is inconsistent with our own conduct and Constitution; and there can be no such thing as perpetual servitude of a rational creature, unless his liberty is forfeited by some criminal conduct or given up by personal consent or contract ...
In the United Kingdom the phrase is commonly used by people to describe Yorkshire, England's largest county. This is used interchangeably with God's Own County.
Wiley has taken Kara Lynn to Osprey Island, a small nature preserve in the middle of Biscayne Bay.  When Kara Lynn recovers from her drugged sleep, Wiley is taken aback, and sorrowful, that she is, contrary to his expectations, an intelligent and unspoiled young woman.  Regretfully he reveals his final plan: the surface of the island has been mined with dynamite, to be exploded at dawn, to allow for the construction of a snazzy new condominium complex.  Wiley plans to leave Kara Lynn there, with the island's other remaining wildlife, just to illustrate to the greedy developers of Florida the consequences of their rampant development - as he puts it, the island's native flora and fauna have zero value for such people, but they might stop and think if their dynamite blows up the only species on earth they actually care about: "a future customer."
Overlaid on 419 in 2002.
The MMPI-A has 478 items. It includes the original 10 clinical scales (Hs, D, Hy, Pd, Mf, Pa, Pt, Sc, Ma, Si), six validity scales (?, L, F, F1, F2, K, VRIN, TRIN), 31 Harris Lingoes subscales, 15 content component scales, the Personality Psychopathology Five (PSY-5) scales (AGGR, PSYC, DISC, NEGE, INTR), three social introversion subscales (Shyness/Self-Consciousness, Social Avoidance, Alienation), and six supplementary scales (A, R, MAC-R, ACK, PRO, IMM). There is also a short form of 350 items, which covers the basic scales (validity and clinical scales). The validity, clinical, content, and supplementary scales of the MMPI-A have demonstrated adequate to strong test-retest reliability, internal consistency, and validity.
There, he continued flying, taking over the British Aircraft Company, and in 1938 became chief instructor for the newly founded Oxford University and City Gliding Club. He settled in England in January 1938 and his father followed him to England in 1939.
Youngest player in NFL history to record his 120th receiving touchdown. (30 years, 313 days)
Gary Nicholas Streeter (born 2 October 1955 in Gosport) is a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom.
John Irwin Sauls is a  Republican member of the North Carolina General Assembly representing the state's fifty-first House district, including constituents in Harnett, Lee and Moore counties.  A pastor from Sanford, North Carolina, Sauls is currently (2003-2004 session) serving in his first term in the state House, where he holds the position of Republican Freshman Chair.
"Sight and Thought: A Review of 'Visual Thinking.'"
Burton Latimer is a town in Northamptonshire, England, with a population in 2011 of 7,449, comparatively small for Northamptonshire, when considering that neighbouring towns Kettering (population of 67,635 - 2011 UK Census), and Wellingborough (population of 49,807 - 2011 UK Census) are considerably larger. It is just south of the junction of the A6 and A14 in the borough of Kettering. It borders Barton Seagrave to the north, Isham to the west, and Finedon to the south-east. It is close to Orlingbury (south-east of Isham, 3.7 miles away from Burton Latimer), and Pytchley (north-east of Isham, 3.3 miles from Burton Latimer). In terms of towns, Kettering is to the north, Irthlingborough to the south-east, and Wellingborough to the south, of Burton Latimer. The county town, Northampton, is reachable, via Orlingbury, which can be accessed through Isham. Although its borough is Kettering, bordering Finedon and Isham are both part of Wellingborough.
Any point that is rigidly connected to the body can be used as reference point (origin of coordinate system L) to describe the linear motion of the body (the linear position, velocity and acceleration vectors depend on the choice).
Transportation in Kabul is improving as the numbers of new vehicles and experienced drivers are increasing. There is public transportation service in the Kabul vicinity, but many roads are in disrepair. Drivers are also impeded by the large number of cyclists. More vehicles are seen in the city because people are purchasing cars. Taxi cabs are found everywhere in the city, also in most of the districts of Kabul.
The central town of Bjelovar was first mentioned in 1413, and it only gained importance when a new fort was built in 1756 to defend against the Ottoman invasions. The town was pronounced a free royal town in 1874.
Pushing hands, Push hands or tuishou (alternately spelled tuei shou or tuei sho)   is a name for two-person training routines practiced in internal Chinese martial arts such as Baguazhang, Xingyiquan, T'ai chi ch'uan (Taijiquan), Liuhebafa, Ch'uan Fa, Yiquan.  It is also played as an international sport akin to Judo, Sumo and wrestling, most notably in Taiwan, where the biannual Tai Chi World Cup is held. 
Howler monkeys generally move quadrupedally on the tops of branches, usually grasping a branch with at least two hands or one hand and the tail at all times. Their strong prehensile tails are able to support their entire body weight. Fully grown adult howler monkeys do not often rely on their tails for full body support,  whereas juveniles do so more frequently.
When he returned he continued to play club cricket in Adelaide.
43d Bombardment Wing established on 3 November 1947. 43d Bomb Group assigned as subordinate unit.
If the wicket keeper moves any part of his person in front of the line of the stumps before either a) the ball strikes the batsman's person or bat; or b) the ball passes the line of the stumps.
Shlaim, Avi (2007). ''Lion of Jordan: The Life of King Hussein in War and Peace'', Allen Lane. ISBN 978-0-7139-9777-4
The Christic Institute was a public interest law firm founded in 1980 by Daniel Sheehan, his wife Sara Nelson, and their partner, William J. Davis, a Jesuit priest, after the successful conclusion of their work on the Silkwood case. Based on the ecumenical teachings of Pierre Teilhard de Chardin, and on the lessons they learned from their experience in the Silkwood fight, the Christic Institute combined investigation, litigation, education and organizing into a unique model for social reform in the United States. In 1992 the firm lost its non-profit status after having a federal case dismissed by the court in 1988 and being penalized for filing a 'frivolous lawsuit;" the IRS said it had acted for political reasons. The case was related to journalists injured in relation to the Iran-Contra Affair. The group was succeeded by a new firm, the Romero Institute.
For Arthur Schopenhauer, destiny was just a manifestation of the Will to Live, which can be at the same time living fate and choice of overrunning the fate same, by means of the Art, of the Morality and of the Ascesis.
These albums were also the only LP source of "It Would Be So Nice" prior to the era of CD re-issues and compilations. The version of "It Would Be So Nice" appearing on these albums is the single version, with lyrics mentioning "the Daily Standard" (no known version of "the Evening Standard has ever been released). 
An alcoholic beverage is a drink that contains ethanol, an anesthetic that has been used as a psychoactive drug for several millennia. Ethanol is the oldest recreational drug still used by humans. Ethanol can cause alcohol intoxication when consumed. Alcoholic beverages are divided into three general classes for taxation and regulation of production: beers, wines, and spirits (distilled beverages). They are legally consumed in most countries around the world. More than 100 countries have laws regulating their production, sale, and consumption.
Kaluga Region is among the leaders by volume of foreign investments. The region has adopted an effective strategy for investment development and has created an attractive investment climate.
The Catholic Church's Rite of Exorcism was revised in 1999. Paragraph 13 of its introduction states that a priest can be appointed by the local Bishop either for a single act of exorcism, or to the permanent position of 'exorcist'. The Rite then specifies that whenever it uses the word exorcist without qualification, it indicates a priest mandated in this way.
In 1986, Diouf began an anti-AIDS program in Senegal, before the virus was able to take off in earnest.  He used the media and schools to promote safe-sex messages, and required prostitutes to be registered.  He also encouraged civic organizations and both Christian and Muslim religious leaders to raise awareness about AIDS.  The result was that while AIDS was decimating much of Africa, the infection rate for Senegal stayed below 2 per cent.
Robert Louis Stevenson's father and uncle were the main design engineers for the lighthouse on Muckle Flugga, just off Hermaness on the north-west of the island. Stevenson visited Unst, and the island is claimed to have become the basis for the map of the fictional Treasure Island - a claim shared by Fidra in East Lothian.
For three years, the Russian Free Press went on printing without selling a single copy and scarcely being able to get a single copy introduced into Russia; so when at last a bookseller bought ten shillings worth of Baptized Property, the half-sovereign was set aside by the surprised editors in a special place of honor, but the death of the emperor Nicholas in 1855 led to a complete change. Herzen's writings, and the magazines he edited, were smuggled wholesale into Russia, and their words resounded throughout the country, as well as all over Europe. Their influence grew.
In 2011 Cillian Murphy became patron of the UNESCO Child and Family Research Centre at the National University of Ireland Galway. Cillian is closely associated with the work of Professor Pat Dolan Director UCFRC and UNESCO Chair in Children, Youth and Civic Engagement.
for all x, y in P.
Volkov, Solomon, tr. Antonina W. Bouis, ''St. Petersburg: A Cultural History'' (New York: The Free Press, 1995). ISBN 0-02-874052-1.
It follows the journey of Sally Beth Roe as she tries to escape her past and slowly overcomes her constant struggle to discern the Truth.  Also told is the story of another small town, similar to that of This Present Darkness and called Bacon's Corner, and a resident named Tom Harris.  His kids are ripped from his home by Child Services.  Seeming to have no connection with other events at first, a young police officer, Ben Cole, is convinced what is being brushed off as a suicide is actually a murder, and ends up losing his job over the issue... which brings him to the side of the embattled Christian school. Caught in the crossfire is a little girl who's been forced into a curriculum of "meditation techniques" and "inner spiritual guides" that control her moods, attitudes, and actions, the little Amber Brandon, and her mother Lucy who realizes this lawsuit and the people who are "helping" her may be much, much more than she bargained for.  Before the paths that Sally Roe and Tom Harris the others are on collide, the Ashton Clarion editor and his wife, Marshall and Kate Hogan (from This Present Darkness), make a return appearance as veteran fighters in this war against the powers of darkness that threaten freedom of religion everywhere.  As the story unfolds, the lawsuit and its participants are soon locked in a struggle of ethics versus non-ethics, absolutes versus relativism, right versus wrong, and those with interest in this battle are shown to be even in the highest places of government.
Born in London to an Irish father and Spanish mother, he was educated at St. Thomas the Apostle College. Murray has appeared in starring and supporting roles in numerous films and television programmes. He also became well known for his appearances in Television commercials for the Italian home appliance company Zanussi. Murray is a staunch supporter of his local league football club Millwall F.C., often being recognised whilst sitting in the stands. In his later years, he was a controller at a mini-cab office in Catford.
At the end of World War II in Europe, Army Group South was again renamed.  As Army Group Ostmark, the remnants of Army Group South ended the war fighting in and around Austria and Czechoslovakia. Army Group Ostmark was one of the last major German military formations to surrender to the Allies.
The Dreamcast has a 64-bit double-precision superscalar SuperH-4 RISC Central processing unit core with a 32-bit integer unit using 16-bit fixed-length instructions, a 64-bit data bus allowing a variable width of either 8, 16, 32 or 64-bits, and a 128-bit floating-point bus. The PowerVR 2DC CLX2 chipset uses a unique method of rendering a 3D scene called Tile Based Deferred Rendering (TBDR): while storing polygons in triangle strip format in memory, the display is split into tiles associated with a list of visibly overlapping triangles onto which, using a process similar to ray tracing, rays are cast and a pixel is rendered from the triangle closest to the camera. After calculating the depths associated with each polygon for one tile row in 1 cycle, the whole tile is flushed to video memory before passing on to render the next tile. Once all information has been collated for the current frame, the tiles are rendered in turn to produce the final image.
1) Carbon is fixed to produce oxaloacetate by PEP carboxylase.
Currently, Aero Vodochody produces the Sikorsky S-76, center wing box for the Alenia C27, door subassemblies for the Embraer 170 and Embraer 190, cockpit for the UH-60, gun bay doors for the F/A-18 Super Hornet, subassemblies and parts for the Airbus A320 family, fixed leading edge kits for the Boeing 767 and the L-159.
1997 Sirius Project Residency, Cork Ireland.
(a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any person shall be granted access to a gated community ... for the purpose of performing lawful service of process, upon identifying to the guard the person or persons to be served, and upon displaying a current driver's license or other identification, and one of the follow: (1) a badge to sheriffs and marshals (2) evidence of current registration as a process server...
Voice evacuation systems (also called Voice Alarm Systems) have become popular in most countries. Voice evacuation alarms typically are not as loud as horns or bells (although generally standards require the same minimum sound pressure levels), and usually sound an alarm tone (typically a slow whoop, code-3, or chime tone, although this depends on the country and particular application) and a voice message warning that an emergency has been reported and to evacuate the building (often also directing occupants to not use elevators). Voice evacuation systems can also be used by personnel to give specific live information and/or instructions over the alarm system using a built-in microphone, which provides a distinct advantage over horns or bells. The system can be stand alone (i.e. using dedicated loudspeakers, which can also feature integrated strobe lights), or the system can accommodate public address system functionality. In 1973, the Autocall fire alarm company manufactured the first voice evacuation system.
A controversy exists concerning the private lives of Jeanette MacDonald and Nelson Eddy. John Kenneth Hilliard, a sound engineer backstage at MGM from 1933 to 1942, reported in 1981 that although Nelson Eddy and Jeanette MacDonald were a screen couple, they "hated each other with a vengeance". Hilliard worked on Naughty Marietta and it is common knowledge that MacDonald's initial iciness toward Eddy almost caused Eddy to walk off that film. There were three film sets on which they battled off-screen: the second half of Rose Marie, after MacDonald's refusal to elope to Reno with Eddy; The Girl of the Golden West, filmed immediately after MacDonald's marriage; and New Moon, filmed after Eddy's marriage. Nevertheless, an off-screen affair was verified by Jim Bayless, another MGM sound engineer from 1929 to 1942 who built Eddy's home recording equipment and recorded Eddy's weekly radio shows for him on disc; Bayless later left MGM to be Vice President for newly formed Capitol Records. Other MGM staff who verified the relationship included their makeup artists William Tuttle and Fred Phillips and fellow singers Miliza Korjus and Rise Stevens.
He was a founding member of and an enthusiastic financial supporter of the Mattachine Society, though privately, preferring to be known by the initial "R". Gernreich ended the relationship with Hay in 1952.
They may exert their effect locally or produce systemic effects. Well-known exotoxins include:  botulinum toxin produced by Clostridium botulinum; Corynebacterium diphtheriae toxin, produced during life-threatening symptoms of diphtheria; tetanospasmin produced by Clostridium tetani. The toxic properties of most exotoxins can be inactivated by heat or chemical treatment to produce a toxoid. These retain their antigenic specificity and can be used to produce antitoxins and, in the case of diphtheria and tetanus toxoids, are used as vaccines.
As with most men of his social background and education, Childers was a steadfast believer in the British Empire. Indeed, for an old boy of Haileybury, a school founded to train young men for colonial service in India, this outlook was almost inevitable, although he had given the matter some critical consideration.  In 1898, then, as negotiations over the voting rights of British settlers in the Boer territories of Transvaal and Orange Free State failed and the Boer War broke out, he needed little encouragement when in December Basil Williams, a colleague at Westminster and already a member of the volunteer Honourable Artillery Company, suggested that they should enlist together. It was, therefore, as an artilleryman that Childers joined the City Imperial Volunteers, something of an ad hoc force comprising soldiers from different territorial regiments, but funded by City institutions and provided with the most modern equipment. He was classed as a "spare driver", caring for a pair of horses and riding them in the ammunition supply train. The unit set off for South Africa on 2 February 1900 and here Childers's sailing experience was useful: most of the new volunteers, and their officers, were seasick and it largely fell to him to care for the troop's thirty horses.  
Neelie Kroes said she was "very disappointed" that the collusion took place at the very highest (boardroom) level. She added, Heineken, Grolsch, Bavaria and InBev tried to cover their tracks by using code names and abbreviations for secret meetings to carve up the market for beer sold to supermarkets, hotels, restaurants and cafes. The price fixing extended to cheaper own-brand labels and rebates for bars.
Diurge - Gray-skinned, red-eyed denizens of a nightmare realm known as Darkrealm, a nightmarishly twisted version of a Material Plane world. Diurges live to serve the evil lords of Darkrealm, but are occasionally ordered to travel to the Material Plane to spread chaos. These beings are extremely sadistic, hating everything that lives, and willing to manipulate anyone in the process of achieving their goals. They are horrible conquerors, subjugating other life forms ruthlessly, and causing pain wherever they go. Their lack of individual greed enables them to better work together towards this common goal.
Thermogenin (called uncoupling protein by its discoverers and now known as uncoupling protein 1, or UCP1) is an uncoupling protein found in the mitochondria of brown adipose tissue (BAT). It is used to generate heat by non-shivering thermogenesis, and makes a quantitatively important contribution to countering heat loss in neonates which would otherwise occur due to the high surface area-volume ratio.
Various tribes each held some individual powers locally, and each had a chief known as a weroance (male) or, more rarely, a weroansqua (female), meaning "commander".
Also, that provision of the IDL EULA has no effect in Australia, as a result of sections 47D and 47H of that country's Copyright Act.
The VF-1's Fighter mode is its basic mode and is the typical mode employed when the craft is parked at a military base and is the primary mode used in high altitude aerial combat planetside and in space combat.
DLP projectors utilizing a mechanical spinning color wheel may exhibit an anomaly known as the "rainbow effect". This is best described as brief flashes of perceived red, blue, and green "shadows" observed most often when the projected content features high contrast areas of moving bright or white objects on a mostly dark or black background. Common examples are the scrolling end credits of many movies, and also animations with moving objects surrounded by a thick black outline. Brief visible separation of the colours can also be apparent when the viewer moves their eyes quickly across the projected image. Some people perceive these rainbow artifacts frequently, while others may never see them at all.
In a February 2012 column, Malkin called the "War on Women" a false narrative, arguing rather that "It's the progressive left in this country that has viciously and systematically slimed female conservatives for their beliefs."
Hinsley, F. H. ''British Intelligence in the Second World War'' (1996) (abridged version of multivolume official history)
After touring in vaudeville, he featured in many biographical films, including The Story of Alexander Graham Bell (1939). He continued to appear on Broadway, as well as on radio and TV, where he was host and commentator for International Showtime, covering circus and ice-shows all over Europe. Ameche was married to his wife Honore for 54 years, and they had six children.
Advanced Campaign Mode: In this mode the game is dynamic, and changes can occur rapidly and often through political and military influences.
Lord Pendry has a love of sport that he developed during national service with the Royal Air Force.  He was appointed the President of the Football Foundation in February 2003  and he continues to serve in this position.  A young Pendry learnt boxing at the hands of a Benedictine monk and became an Oxford Blue and boxed for the RAF.
Topsoil is the primary resource for plants to grow and crops to thrive and the main two parameters for this are Carbon and Nitrogen. The Carbon provides energy and Nitrogen is a tissue builder and plants require them in a range of ratios to enable suitable growth. An optimum figure for Topsoil in the UK is a ratio of less than 20:1. This ensures that the soil has a suitable energy reserve as well as tissue building material to enable the plants to thrive. A sawdust typically has a carbonaceous base and this a high C:N ratio (in the order of c. 400:1) while an Alfalfa Hay has a low carbonaceous content and can typically have a C:N ratio in the order of 12:1.
Szulik was recently recognized by CIO Magazine with its 20/20 Vision Award.
After co-hosting the ICC Cricket World Cup 2011, Sri Lanka Cricket was financially crippled thanks to financial mismanagement by the government-appointed interim committee.
The U.S. Congress passed the CALEA to aid law enforcement in its effort to conduct criminal investigations requiring wiretapping of digital telephone networks. The Act obliges telecommunications companies to make it possible for law enforcement agencies to tap any phone conversations carried out over its networks, as well as making call detail records available. The act stipulates that it must not be possible for a person to detect that his or her conversation is being monitored by the respective government agency. 
Chang, Howard F. 1997. "Liberalized Immigration as Free Trade: Economic Welfare and the Optimal Immigration Policy." ''University of Pennsylvania Law Review'' 145.5: 1147-244.
There is a bar at the Docklands campus and canteens or cafes at all three: five at Docklands, two at Stratford and one at USS.
Andrea Poma, ''The Critical Philosophy of Hermann Cohen'', Albany 1997.
4.4.2.1.1.3.2 Alice Margaret Frances Astor (born 1953)
Bus services to and from Hill Head are provided by First, with a half-hourly circular service to and from Fareham.
"Limited", as an option package, was available on Signature trim models from 2000 to 2003 and on the Ultimate in 2004. Starting in 2005, Limited (known as Signature Limited) became its own trim level.
Wappel is a staunch social conservative.  He is a prominent opponent of abortion and gay rights, and has made controversial comments on immigration and the role of religion in government.  He opposes the death penalty, and describes himself as holding liberal views on economic issues.  In 1998, he was awarded the Joseph P. Borowski Award.  He is separated, with five children.
Rapla is a town in central Estonia, the administrative centre of Rapla County and Rapla Parish. It has a population of 5,618 (as of 1 January 2008). The oldest records date back to 1241 in the Danish Census Book, when it was said that it was a small village with 8 acres of cultivated fields. By the end of the 13th century the village centre was firmly established. At around the same time a Cistercian monastery was built.
The Seagram assets have since been acquired by other companies, notably The Coca-Cola Company, Diageo, and Pernod Ricard.
They attempt to stop Phoenix from stealing 20th century weapons from a museum display, but Phoenix manages to escape. Phoenix encounters Dr. Cocteau during his escape, and though he tries to shoot him, finds himself unable to do so. Dr. Cocteau calmly asks Phoenix to assassinate Edgar Friendly, the leader of the resistance group called the Scraps that fight against Cocteau's rule, and allows Phoenix to bring other criminals out of cryo-sleep to help at his request. Meanwhile, Spartan and Huxley review the cryo-prison records and find that instead of the normal rehabilitation program, Phoenix had been given the information necessary for his escape by Cocteau directly. They also discover information directing Phoenix towards Friendly, and go off to warn him.
The Chrysler Cirrus and middle-priced variant Dodge Stratus are mid-size 4-door sedans  introduced for the 1995 model year. A third and lowest-priced variant, the Plymouth Breeze, arrived the following year. Production continued through the 2000 model year.
He has been manager of Swindon Town (earning promotion to the Premier League), Chelsea (taking them to the FA Cup final), Southampton, Tottenham Hotspur (reaching a League Cup final) and most recently Wolverhampton Wanderers.
New Zealand's keel was laid at Fairfield Shipbuilding and Engineering's yard on the Clyde on 20 June 1910. Launched on 1 July 1911, the battlecruiser was commissioned into the Royal Navy four days before she was completed on 23 November 1912.
When tracking the creature, he finds it in confrontation with the Hulk in the vicinity of Loch Ness, and knocks out his enemy from behind. He dumps the Hulk into the lake saddled with iron weights, but is disappointed when the latter takes longer than expected to escape. During the ensuing gang-up, Madman continues to make disorderly, deranged remarks. When Perseus, a retired Pantheon member the Hulk was visiting, tries to intervene, Madman indifferently kills him, but the Hulk punches him away.
As the episode begins the combined Narn and Drazi fleets are bombarding Centauri Prime from space. In the Royal Palace, Prime Minister Londo manages to get G'Kar out of his prison cell, just before the ceiling collapses.
The stamps include a full set of one particular issue, possibly applied in order of value.
Attempts have been made to determine the film's impact on LGBT-identified persons: Editors Corey K. Creekmur and Alexander Doty, in their introduction to Out in Culture: Gay, Lesbian and Queer Essays on Popular Culture (1995, Duke University Press), write that the film's gay resonance and interpretations depends entirely upon camp. Some have attempted a more serious interpretation of the film: for example, Cassell's Encyclopedia of Queer Myth, Symbol and Spirit: Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender Lore quotes therapist Robert Hopcke as saying that the dreary reality of Kansas implies the presence of homophobia and is contrasted with the colorful and accepting land of Oz;" they state that when shown in gay venues, the film is "transformed into a rite celebrating acceptance and community." Queer theorists have drawn parallels between LGBT people and characters in the film, specifically pointing to the characters' double lives and Dorothy's longing "for a world in which her inner desires can be expressed freely and fully."
The building is currently owned by the Tower Hamlets London Borough Council as part of their library service.
The Students Union facilitates a whole range of activities which are organised into 5 different co-operating bodies: Athletic Union, Societies, Student Media, Volunteering and RAG (Raising And Giving).
During 1942, German night fighters defending Germany have shot down 687 British bombers.
The village originally lay on the Old Saltway from Droitwich to Chipping Sodbury and Pucklechurch, and was developed in the late 13th century by the de la Warre family with the establishment of a market in 1285. The main street, the present High Street, was laid out around the market place with uniform burgage plots and rear access lanes. Burghers paid an annual fixed rent to the overlord, but they could sell their tenancies much as in the free market today. In addition they often carried on trades and crafts which, together with their property rights, distinguished them from the feudal peasant. Livestock were often kept on the burgage plots behind the house, and this necessitated the rear access lane.
Chemical stimuli, such as odorants, are received by cellular receptors that are often coupled to ion channels responsible for chemotransduction. Such is the case in olfactory cells. Depolarization in these cells result from opening of non-selective cation channels upon binding of the odorant to the specific receptor. G protein-coupled receptors in the plasma membrane of these cells can initiate second messenger pathways that cause cation channels to open.
classical pharmacology. Since sequencing of the human genome which allowed rapid cloning and synthesis of large quantities of purified proteins, it has become common practice to use high throughput screening of large compounds libraries against isolated biological targets which are hypothesized to be disease modifying in a process known as reverse pharmacology. Hits from these screens are then tested in cells and then in animals for efficacy.
In making the sequel, the team considered lessons they learned from Frequency to make Amplitude more enjoyable. One aspect was the "tunnel" approach they used in Frequency; this was borne out from trying to create a cyberspace-like environment based on concepts from the movie Tron as to help create a synaesthesia for the player. However, on reflection, they found this tunnel to be limiting and claustrophobic; further, in testing an initial prototype for Amplitude, they found that when they left the tunnel, the experience of seeing the tunnel from the outside inspired the idea of vaster landscapes. The tunnel approach also limited an effective means for local multiplayer. This prompted the team to change from the tunnel to a spread-out track for Amplitude. The flatter track enabled players to have a better concept of where they were on the instrument spread, though the decision was criticized by fans of FreQuency.
The modern city of Takashima was established on January 1, 2005, from the merger of the former town of Takashima, absorbing the towns of Adogawa, Imazu, Makino and Shin'asahi, and the village of Kutsuki (all from Takashima District).
Researchers have suggested refinements on the BDD data structure giving way to a number of related graphs, such as BMD (binary moment diagrams), ZDD (zero-suppressed decision diagram), FDD (free binary decision diagrams), PDD (parity decision diagrams), and MTBDDs (multiple terminal BDDs).
Air vice-marshal (abbreviated as AVM) is a two-star air-officer rank which originated in and continues to be used by the Royal Air Force. The rank is also used by the air forces of many countries which have historical British influence and it is sometimes used as the English translation of an equivalent rank in countries which have a non-English air force-specific rank structure. Air vice-marshals may be addressed generically as "air marshal".
The ecological value of the New Forest is enhanced by the relatively large areas of lowland habitats, lost elsewhere, which have survived. There are several kinds of important lowland habitat including valley bogs, alder carr, wet heaths, dry heaths and deciduous woodland. The area contains a profusion of rare wildlife, including the New Forest cicada Cicadetta montana, the only cicada native to Great Britain, although the last unconfirmed sighting was in 2000. The wet heaths are important for rare plants, such as marsh gentian (Gentiana pneumonanthe) and marsh clubmoss (Lycopodiella inundata) and other important species include the wild gladiolus (Gladiolus illyricus). Several species of sundew are found, as well as many unusual insect species, including the southern damselfly (Coenagrion mercuriale) and the mole cricket (Gryllotalpa gryllotalpa), both rare in Britain. In 2009, 500 adult southern damselflies were captured and released in the Venn Ottery nature reserve in Devon, which is owned and managed by the Devon Wildlife Trust. The Forest is an important stronghold for a rich variety of fungi, and although these have been heavily gathered in the past, there are control measures now in place to manage this.
From the early days, the Society sought to be ecumenical and non-sectarian. The Controversy in 1825-6 about the Apocrypha and the Metrical Psalms resulted in the secession of the Glasgow and Edinburgh Bible Societies, which later formed what is now the Scottish Bible Society. This and another similar 1831 controversy about Unitarians holding significant Society offices resulted in a minority separating to form the Trinitarian Bible Society.
Erasmus has had a number of famous and accomplished alumni. Some of the better known, including (class year), are listed below.
The change in values is derived from the establishment of 1930 National Parks Act that limited use of resource for park management, and in 1979, under revised National Parks Policy, the maintenance of ecological integrity was prioritized for the preservation of National Parks of Canada. In 1988, National Parks Act was amended and the regulation of ecological integrity was embodied. However, due to the conflicting interests of profit and preservation, the maintenance of ecological integrity has progressed slowly.
The castle is a so-called Ganerbenburg, or castle belonging to a community of joint heirs. This is a castle divided into several parts, which belong to different families or different branches of a family; this usually occurs when multiple owners of one or more territories jointly build a castle to house themselves. Only a very rich medieval European lord could afford to build a castle on his land; many of them only owned one village, or even only a part of a village. This was an insufficient base to afford a castle. Such lords lived in a knight's house, which was a simple house, scarcely bigger than those of his tenants. In some parts of the Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation, inheritance law required that the estate be divided between all successors. These successors, each of whose individual inheritance was too small to build a castle of his own, could build a castle together, where each owned one separate part for housing and all of them together shared the defensive fortification. In the case of Eltz, the family comprised three branches and the existing castle was enhanced with three separate complexes of buildings.
In 2008, he received a special recognition from the World Cultural Council.
The goal of Yuri's Night is to increase public interest in space exploration and to inspire a new generation of explorers. Driven by space-inspired artistic expression and culminating in a worldwide network of annual celebrations and educational events, Yuri's Night creates a global community of young people committed to shaping the future of space exploration while developing responsible leaders and innovators with a global perspective. These global events are a showcase for elements of culture that embrace space including music, dance, fashion, and art.
As a result of both a steady decline in the surrounding neighborhood as well as the closing of the lagoons' connection to the 59th Street inner harbor, the lagoons deteriorated.  In recent years, the state and city have spent millions of dollars to revitalize the lagoons and Garden of the Phoenix, and to restore the lagoons to their original grandeur.  With the recent revitalization projects and the decision by the Illinois Department of Natural Resources to stock them with fish, the lagoons have become a very popular local fishing spot.
The story of Ethan Frome began when Edith Wharton was living in France; she began the novel as simple writing exercises to improve her use of the French language, but several years later she took the story up again and transfomed it into the novel it now is, basing her sense of New England culture and place on her 10 years of living at The Mount, her home in Lenox, Massachusetts. She would read portions of her novel-in-progress each day to her good friend Walter Berry, who was an international lawyer. Wharton likely based the story of Ethan and Mattie's sledding experience on an accident that she had heard about in 1904 in Lenox, Massachusetts. Five people total were involved in the real-life accident, four girls and one boy. They crashed into a lamppost while sledding down Courthouse Hill in Lenox. A girl named Hazel Crosby was killed in the accident. Wharton learned of the accident from one of the girls who survived, Kate Spencer, when the two became friends while both worked at the Lenox Library. Kate Spencer suffered from a hip injury in the accident and also had facial injuries. The story of Ethan Frome had initially begun as a French-language composition that Wharton had to write while studying the language in Paris. It is among the few works by Wharton with a rural setting.  Wharton found the notion of the tragic sledding crash to be irresistible as a potential extended metaphor for the wrongdoings of a secret love affair. 
In February 1985, the BBC announced that the planned twenty-third season of Doctor Who had been cancelled. After vocal protests by the press and Doctor Who fans (including a charity single, "Doctor in Distress"), the BBC announced that the programme was merely on "hiatus", and would return in September 1986.  Several stories which had been planned or commissioned for the original Season 23 were abandoned in favour of an overarching "trial" theme, reflecting the fact that the programme itself was on trial at the BBC.
In the United States, Bengali New Year is celebrated by Bengali heritage people and businesses by cultural programs, food festivals, street fairs/patha mela, arts, music, food, clothes, etc. Pohela Boishak observance occurs in USA mostly during the spring recess when most of the schools and colleges have days off.
The Republican National Committee did recognized Daugherty's gifts as an indefatigable partisan and effective stump speaker, however, and sent him out on the road in support of William McKinley's campaign for President of the United States in 1896. Daugherty traveled through Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Minnesota, and Ohio, logging over 9,000 miles traveled in delivering some 47 campaign speeches in support of McKinley and the Republicans' successful effort.
Oakwood has various basic amenities including a convenience store complete with post office, a pub (Nelsons Quarterdeck), a takeaway shop, the Church of Transfiguration, a primary school (Birchwood CofE Primary and Nursery School) and a high school (Birchwood Community High School) which is now a Business and Enterprise College, and is a beacon high school.
Padalka and Fincke remained on board the ISS for six months, as the Expedition 9 crew.
'''Proposal:''' In this stage, the needs and objectives of a project have been decided, but the project has not been financed.
Nitze's brother-in-law, Walter Paepcke, founded the Aspen Institute and Aspen Skiing Company. Nitze continued to ski in Aspen until well into his 80s.
According to the Bayesian interpretation of probability, probability theory can be used to evaluate the plausibility of the statement, "The sun will rise tomorrow."  We just need a hypothetical random process that determines whether the sun will rise tomorrow or not. Based on past observations, we can infer the parameters of this random process, and from there evaluate the probability that the sun will rise tomorrow.
Hayes Rail Station provides good links to the rest of South East London and The City, being the terminus of the Southeastern Hayes Line. Regular services from the station terminate at either Charing Cross or Cannon Street via Elmers End (Tesco Superstore and Tramlink), Lewisham (DLR), New Cross (Overground) and London Bridge (River).
Main street runs from A'Beckett road to Tom Jones court. Claire Robinson park is bound by Main street, Heatherton Rd and Memorial Drive. The slanted park is used for events such as the annual Carols By Candlelight. Further north-east along Main street is the town plaza containing an IGA supermarket. Opposite the plaza is Winters Lane which contains the preschool and primary school, as well as access to the local tennis club. Recently some land has been cleared to make way for the construction of a new housing estate opposite the plaza.
Hunt married Catherine Clinton Howland on April 2, 1861. She was the daughter of Samuel S. Howland.
Reza Pahlavi II has used his high profile as an Iranian abroad to campaign for human rights, democracy and unity among Iranians in and outside Iran. On his website he calls for a separation of religion and state in Iran and for free and fair elections "for all freedom-loving individuals and political ideologies". He exhorts all groups dedicated to a democratic agenda to work together for a democratic and secular Iranian government.
He has held a number of offices in Federated Farmers, a nationwide agricultural association. He was also Director of Trustbank South Canterbury, chaired the New Zealand Aids Foundation, served as a board member of the Public Health Commission, and was Deputy Chair of both the New Zealand Lotteries Commission and Meridian Energy. His brother Bill Sutton has also been a Labour MP.
The Moore College Library is one of the largest theological libraries in the Southern Hemisphere, with close to 300,000 works in its collection. It also houses numerous manuscripts and other items of significance to Anglican, Australian and Evangelical history. In recent years it has developed a significant body of electronic resources.
The more powerful Goa'uld are presented as controlling multiple planets, armies of Jaffa warriors, and fleets of motherships. They live in luxury, attended by scores of loyal slaves. When one Goa'uld defeats another in battle, the vanquished enemy's domain and forces are typically absorbed by the victor. Sometimes, Goa'uld will ally with each other to pursue a greater objective; usually these alliances dissolve in treachery as soon as one party senses an advantage.
The country had 5.745 million main lines in use in 2011. The country had 2.257 million fixed broadband subscribers in 2010.
The Academy publishes three other series. The occasional series Notulae Naturae began in 1939 as a means to quickly publish short items, usually not longer than 16 pages on subject areas such as zoology, botany, ecology, geology and paleontology. The Monographs series, which began in 1935, is composed principally of larger systematic reviews of selected taxonomic groups. The Special Publications series, begun in 1922, includes works such as biography, taxonomy, historical reviews, and collections surveys.
'''K-612''' - radiological reconnaissance vehicle.
Chat systems allow people to write and send meesages in real-time. They are usually structured in chat rooms which show usernames, number of people, location, discussion topic and more.
On the Alaskan Way Viaduct, near its southern terminus, there were ghost ramps on the east side of the structure. These were the only interchange structures created when the viaduct was first built in anticipation of the US 10 freeway (now Interstate 90) being completed into Seattle, and being extended to SR/US 99. However, the construction of the new downtown bypass tunnel has since removed this former portion of the original viaduct. To this day, an older US 99 sign is still in place on an overhead sign at the Columbia Street onramp to the Alaskan Way Viaduct in downtown Seattle.
A screen filter is a type of filter using a rigid or flexible screen to separate sand and other fine particles out of water for irrigation or industrial applications.  These are generally not recommended for filtering out organic matter such as algae, since these types of contaminants can be extruded into spaghetti-like strings through the filter if enough pressure drop occurs across the filter surface.  Typical screen materials include stainless steel (mesh), polypropylene, nylon and polyester.
John W. Brown began her ninth voyage on 15 September 1945, departing New York. Arriving in Baltimore the next day, she departed on 25 September 1945 with a cargo of grain. She arrived at Marseilles, France, on 15 October, where she unloaded the grain and embarked 645 U.S. Army personnel, 83 more than her official capacity. She then returned to New York, arriving on 14 November 1945. She soon had radar installed at the Bethlehem Brooklyn 56th Street shipyard in Brooklyn.
The building is a National Historic Site of Canada. 
St Andrews is a Trustee of the Global eHealth Foundation.
The town lies on the north coast on the route of the A55 road, between Penmaenmawr and Bangor.  It has a railway station on the North Wales Coast Line.
Austoker, Joan, and Linda Bryder, eds. ''Historical perspectives on the role of the MRC: essays in the history of the Medical Research Council of the United Kingdom and its predecessor, the Medical Research Committee, 1913-1953'' (Oxford UP, 1989)
1988 - Taumarunui District Council formed.
Abby Arthur Johnson, "Literary Midwife: Jessie Redmon Fauset and the Harlem Renaissance" (1978).
The information for the rest of Reccared's reign is scanty. John of Biclaro, Reccared's contemporary, ends his account with the Third Council of Toledo. Isidore of Seville, bishop Leander's brother, praises his peaceful government, clemency, and generosity: standard encomia. He returned various properties, even some private ones, that had been confiscated by his father, and founded many churches and monasteries. Pope Gregory, writing to Reccared in Aug. 599 (Epp. ix. 61, 121), extols him for embracing the true faith and inducing his people to do so, and notably for refusing the bribes offered by Jews to procure the repeal of a law against them. He sent Reccared a piece of the True Cross, some fragments of the chains of St. Peter, and some hairs of St. John the Baptist.
The Schmidt has undertaken much notable work, including blue and red photographic surveys of the southern sky and the 6dF Galaxy Survey. AAO Its multi-object spectroscopic capability is currently being exploited to perform the Radial Velocity Experiment (RAVE) survey.
Snooker world rankings 2001/2002: The professional world rankings for the top 64 snooker players in the 2001/2002 season are listed below.
On February 26, 1965, activist and deacon Jimmie Lee Jackson died after being mortally shot several days earlier by a state trooper, James Bonard Fowler during a peaceful march in nearby Marion, Alabama. To defuse and refocus the community's outrage, SCLC Director of Direct Action James Bevel, who was directing SCLC's Selma voting rights movement, called for a march of dramatic length, from Selma to the state capital of Montgomery. Bevel had been working on his Alabama Project for voting rights since late 1963.
The ''Midway Honors Scholars Program'' recognizes exceptional students who wish to transfer to ETSU. The program looks for students that have excelled at a different university or have graduated from a Tennessee Community College and wish to pursue an enriched honors opportunity at ETSU. Application is required before the first semester begins at ETSU.
Kawakita made more extensive use of CGI than in previous Godzilla movies he worked on, and made an effort for the featured monsters to be less reliant on energy beams during battle sequences, particularly Rodan, who was portrayed via handpuppets and marionettes rather than through suitmation. Baby Godzilla was performed by series veteran Hurricane Ryu, and was designed to look much more dinosaur-like than his previous incarnation. Mechagodzilla was redesigned to be much less angular in form, and was performed by Wataru Fukuda. The Mechagodzilla suit itself consisted of multiple separate elements which Fukuda wore like plate armor. Kawakita originally envisioned Mechagodzilla being able to split into aerial and terrestrial units, though this idea was scrapped in favor of the character merging with the flying battleship Garuda. The new Godzilla suit was notably bulkier in profile than its predecessor, and had smaller shoulders and slimmer legs. The tail was also placed higher up the back, thus resulting in a very top-heavy appearance. Like the previous suit, the one used in Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla II had an electronically operated head that could tilt its head independently of the body. The suit previously used for Godzilla vs. Mothra was recycled for the long shots during the battle with Rodan, the rampage through Tokyo, and the character's departure into the sea during the end credits.
Eastern Washington hosts a number of world-renowned universities including three of the state's five public universities.
In a review of the year's events published in the 19 December 2003 issue of Science (volume 302, page 2033), Editor-in-Chief Donald Kennedy wrote, "It was also a vintage year for scientific fluffs. We shared in one: Some vials containing the recreational drug Ecstasy got switched with vials containing methamphetamine, and we wound up publishing a paper we wish we hadn't".
A Methodist Episcopal Church began holding classes in the early 1850s, building a church in 1870, which continues to the present as the Azalia United Methodist Church.
Prince played Mrs. Wilkinson in the second United States national tour of Billy Elliot the Musical, which began performances in October 2010 and ended in August 2011.  In 2012, Prince worked with long-term friend Jason Graae on The Prince and the Showboy, a show which pays tribute to composer Jerry Herman (La Cage aux Folles, Hello Dolly!) who Graae described as "a survivor of the highest degree who lives his life as an eternal optimist."  Prince and Graae won the New York Nightlife Award for outstanding musical comedy performer in January 2013.
His father, William Allen, soon after the start of the American Revolution in June 1775, was commissioned an ensign in the 3d Rhode Island Regiment in the Continental Army.   His regiment served in the Siege of Boston and was disbanded on December 31, 1775.
The town has a Memorial Institute rather than a cenotaph type of war memorial. It is a corrugated black and white building near the entrance to Asda from the coast road. The Jubilee Bridge, also known as the Blue Bridge, spans the River Dee. It is a double leaf rolling bascule bridge. The railway station served the town on the North Wales Coast Line between 1864 and 1966.
A small pit recorded in a service trench near Bournville Lane, Selly Oak produced the oldest pottery found in Birmingham so far. Twenty eight sherds, representing about five different vessels, in decorated Grooved Ware pottery of Late Neolithic date, were recovered. The Bronze Age pit found immediately adjacent to the site was also a highly important archaeological discovery, since prehistoric structures other than burnt mounds are extremely rare in Birmingham. Examples of finds in this area include:
Among the Arab population of the Old City of Acre, the knowledge of their forebears having successfully withstood the barrage of such a world-famous conqueror is a source of civic pride and local patriotism. In a folk tale current among Acre Arabs, Napoleon, upon lifting the siege of Acre, let a cannon shoot his hat into the city "so that at least part of him would enter into Acre".
Although most of the vocabulary is the same as in Portugal or Brazil, there are some differences, many due to the influence of several languages spoken in Angola. Each area has different lexicon originating from the distinctive languages. In the capital, Luanda, a very standard Portuguese is spoken, and tribal culture and languages are practically nonexistent. Still, there are several Kimbundu influences. This lexicon is not used in documents or business, for example, as it is mostly seen as slang, but there are exceptions. Most of this lexicon is mostly used by younger Angolans and Portuguese, similarly to younger African-Americans in the US.
As a batsman, Allan Donald wrote that Hick was "highly rated by the South African guys".
The area that would become Victoria was originally settled in 1778 by French colonists after they claimed the island in 1756, but it was not until after the Treaty of Paris of 1814 was signed that the British formally established Victoria and gave it its modern name.
In January 2006, the Zeppelin Luftschifftechnik GmbH announced the start of construction of a fourth Zeppelin NT07. In Spring 2007, it was optioned by California-based Airship Ventures. On 21 May 2008, the new airship completed its first flight. Between July and September 2008, the airship, registered D-LZNT, operated sightseeing and pleasure flights over eastern London and the Thames Estuary from an airfield close to Upminster, in Essex, England, advertising Stella Artois beer and the DrinkAware responsible alcohol use campaign. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) issued the type certificate for the Zeppelin NT 07, allowing the airship to fly legally in the United States. In late September 2008, the airship arrived at the Port of Beaumont, Texas; after spending three days tethered at the Southeast Texas Regional Airport, the airship flew cross-country to its base at Moffett Federal Airfield. Upon its arrival, the airship was given the US registration N704LZ, and was christened Eureka (after the California state motto). In November 2008, Airship Ventures began commercial operations, offering flightseeing tours over the San Francisco and Monterey Bay areas, operating both out of Moffett Field and Oakland Terminal. On 14 November 2012, Airship Ventures ceased operations and grounded Eureka. Eureka was disassembled and shipped back to Germany.
Jackson was born in Orlando, Florida, the son of Jeanine (Sharp), an amateur ventriloquist and businesswoman, and Dr. Rick "Ricky Lee" Jackson, a family physician, country musician and Congressional candidate in the state of Washington. Jackson was raised in Battle Ground, Washington with his brother Richard Lee Jackson, now an actor and musician, and his sister Candice Jackson, now a lawyer and author. Jonathan attended Meadow Glade Elementary school.
In 1935 Perera was one of the founder members of the LSSP. In 1936 he contested the Ruwanwella constituency, which at the time was the Thun Korale areas of Yatiyantota, Ruwanwella and Dereniyagala and parts of the present Galigamuwa electoral division, from the LSSP. His opponent was Molamure Kumarihamy of the Meedeniya Walauwa, the feudal manor which had tremendous power over the poor people of the Sabaragamuwa area at the time. He was to hold this seat, or its Yatiyantota portion on division, continuously until 1977.
Campany, David. "'A Theoretical Diagram in an Empty Classroom': Jeff Wall's ''Picture for Women''." ''Oxford Art Journal'' 30.1 (2007): 7-25.
That same month, Neil Bonnett was involved in a crash similar to B. Allison's, in which his car went airborne and impacted the catch fence in the tri-oval. In the 2009 Aaron's 499, Carl Edwards suffered a similar wreck.
Much of the area was covered with volcanic ash (the Bandelier tuff) from an eruption of the Valles Caldera volcano 1.14 million years ago. The tuff overlays shales and sandstones deposited during the Permian Period and limestone of Pennsylvanian age. The volcanic outflow varied in hardness; the Ancestral Pueblo People broke up the firmer materials to use as bricks, while they carved out dwellings from the softer material.
2007 saw Audi again winning in the R10 TDI despite requiring more frequent refueling due to changes in American Le Mans series rules intended to even the field between gasoline and diesel powered engines.  In addition to an overall win, Audi also set a track record in 2007 with Marco Werner behind the wheel in qualifying.
Philippe de Vitry is most famous in music history for the Ars nova notandi (1322), a treatise on music attributed to him which lent its name to the music of the entire era. While his authorship and the very existence of this treatise have recently come into question, a handful of his musical works do survive and show the innovations in musical notation, particularly mensural and rhythmic, with which he was credited within a century of their inception.  Such innovations as are exemplified in his stylistically-attributed motets for the Roman de Fauvel were particularly important, and made possible the free and quite complex music of the next hundred years, culminating in the Ars subtilior.  In some ways the "modern" system of rhythmic notation began with the Ars Nova, during which music might be said to have "broken free" from the older idea of the rhythmic modes, patterns which were repeated without being individually notated.  The notational predecessors of modern time meters also originate in the Ars Nova.
An ''a'':''b''-coloring is a b-fold coloring out of a available colors.
In October 1958, however, NBC signed affiliation deals with King Broadcasting Company for their radio and television properties in Seattle and Portland, Oregon. In Seattle, channel 4 shared both ABC and NBC programming with KING-TV until September 27, 1959, when KING-TV took the NBC affiliation full-time. At that point, KOMO-TV became a primary ABC affiliate.
Its principal market for exports is Geneva.
The Vanishing Hitchhiker: American Urban Legends and Their Meanings is a book intended to introduce the idea of urban legends to the general public. Included in the book are such chilling and humorous stories as "The Vanishing Hitchhiker," "The Economical Car," "The Ghost Airliner," The Girl with the Beehive Hairdo," "The Solid Cement Cadillac," and "The Killer in the Back Seat." Brunvand's approach, according to reviewer Janet L. Langlois, "sensitizes the reader in a highly readable and effective way to both the dynamic narrative process in an urban context and the discipline of folklore and folklife studies." Some of these stories previously appeared in an article Brunvand wrote for the June 1980 issue of Psychology Today. As with Heard About the Solid Cement Cadillac or the Nude in the Camper?, Brunvand categorizes the different legends included in The Vanishing Hitchhiker into classic urban legend types. For each legend type, Brunvand offers samples that show variations on the legends themselves, historical evidence of how the legend may have originated (often with European or East Asian roots), and an explanation of what the legend might mean in an urban or modern context.
''It Ain't Necessarily So Bro'', HarperCollins Publishers Pty Ltd, Australia, 2006, ISBN 0-7322-8061-3.
After Tenet's resignation on June 3, 2004, the Bush Administration announced that McLaughlin would serve as Acting Director after Tenet's departure on July 11, 2004. McLaughlin himself stepped down as Acting Director on September 24, 2004, after Porter J. Goss was confirmed by the Senate to serve as the new director. He then returned to his position as Deputy Director, and announced his retirement on November 12, 2004.
A molera is a "hole" in a Chihuahua's head; it is the same as a fontanelle in human babies. Historically, the Chihuahua as developed in Mexico and the United States has displayed a "hole in the head". In times past, this has been accepted as a mark of purity for this dog breed, and it is still mentioned in most Chihuahua breed standards the world over. The bones of the head in all foetuses are not firmly knitted together, but in most mammals, the different bones of the skull join with cartilaginous sutures as the animal matures. The Chihuahuas' moleras vary in size and shape, occurring on the top of the head where the parietal and frontal bones come together.
Snatch also appears on Empire magazine's 2008 poll of the 500 greatest movies of all time at number 466.
During territorial defense, the male defends a sunny spot in the forest, waiting for females to stop by. Another strategy is patrolling, during which males fly through the forest actively searching for females. Then, the female must make a choice between mating with a patrolling male or a territorial male. By mating with a territorial male, a female can be sure that she has chosen a high quality male, as the ability to defend a territory reflects the genetic quality of a male. Therefore, by choosing a territorial male, the female is being more picky about which male she chooses to mate with.
Hasford claimed that he wanted the books to research a never-published book on the Civil War. He described his difficulties as "a vicious attack launched against me by Moral Majority fanatics backed up by the full power of the Fascist State."
His career was abruptly halted when, as a member of the Rochester Americans, he suffered a concussion during a game against the Syracuse Crunch on October 31, 2004. After missing the next 49 games, Botterill announced his retirement from hockey. 
Gander Airport Safety and Airside Operations is responsible for fire and rescue operations using three vehicles at their station within the airport. It also has a mutual aid agreement with the Town of Gander Fire Department to provide additional fire fighting services. The airport fire crew is a mix of full-time and volunteers with total crew of 14.
Starscream appears in the 2011 ''Dark of the Moon'' video game. As a Hunter, he can be played on Xbox Campaigne and multiplayer
Because of the river's wide valley and historic great marsh, there are few towns on the river throughout the entire length of Indiana.  Most towns are located either north or south, on high ground, just outside the marshes.  Today, the marshes have been drained and it is not apparent why the towns are so far from the river.
Irvine High School is a public high school located in the city of Irvine in Orange County, California, United States. It is part of the Irvine Unified School District.
The 53d WRS works closely with the National Hurricane Center (NHC), a division of the National Weather Service (NWS) located in Miami, that tracks hurricanes to provide early warning service for Atlantic basin storms. It maintains a subunit, the Chief, Aerial Reconnaissance Coordination, All Hurricanes (CARCAH), at the NHC as a point-of-contact and provides the staff and equipment to coordinate Department of Commerce requirements for hurricane data, assign weather reconnaissance missions and monitor all data transmitted from weather reconnaissance aircraft of DOC and the 53d WRS. To that end CARCAH is responsible for producing, publishing, and coordinating the Tropical Cyclone Plan of the Day (TCPOD) during hurricane season.
Tandem charges are effective against reactive armour, which is designed to protect an armoured vehicle (mostly tanks) against anti-tank munitions. The first stage of the weapon is typically a weak charge that either pierces the reactive armour of the target without detonating it leaving a channel through the reactive armour so that the second warhead may pass unimpeded, or simply detonating the armourplate causing the timing of the counter-explosion to fail. The second detonation from the same projectile (which defines it as a tandem charge) attacks the same location as the first detonation where the reactive armour has been compromised. Since the regular armour plating is often the only defence remaining, the main charge (second detonation) has an increased likelihood of penetrating the armour.
The area is drained by a series of slow-moving rivers and creeks, all of which flow northward into Lake St. Clair: from west to east, these are Pike Creek, the Puce River, Belle River, the Ruscom River, and finally Big Creek and Baptiste Creek, which form the northeastern border of Lakeshore at their junction with the Thames River.
The cathedral's largest chapel, the Vasa Chapel, at the eastern end of the chancel, was originally known as the Chapel of the Virgin Mary. It later became a burial monument for Gustav Vasa and his family. Completed in 1583, it is decorated with the national arms of Sweden as well as with some of the oldest known Swedish and Finnish coats of arms.
In all instances and contrary to optical microscopes, rendering software is necessary to produce images. 
All albums and singles were released by ZTT Records.
As the 1900s continued, his passion for the Mercedes began to fade. He tired of the special requests being made by his highly demanding aristocratic customers. He also became disillusioned by DMG's technical department which he called "those donkeys" and built his own large repair facilities at Nice behind Villa Mercedes. Wilhelm Maybach, his favorite designer, left DMG in 1907. He also so angered DMG's chairman that in 1908 he permanently cancelled Jellinek's original contract.
The creation of new functional brain cells can be measured in several ways, summarized in the following sections.
Agami herons stalk their fish prey in shaded shallow water, often standing still or moving very slowly. They rarely wade in open water. They also take frogs, small reptiles, and snails.
The headquarters of the Catholic Church is Vatican City. The headquarters of the Russian Orthodox Church is in Danilov Monastery, Moscow. The World Council of Churches, including Orthodox Churches, has its headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland. The headquarters of Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople is located in Istanbul, Turkey. The headquarters of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is located in Salt Lake City, Utah, US. The Anglican Communion Office is in London.
On the wall of the opposite choir aisle, the celebrated Hereford Mappa Mundi, dating from the later years of the 13th century, hung, little regarded, for many years. It is the work of an ecclesiastic who is supposed to be represented in the right-hand corner on horseback, attended by his page and greyhounds. He has commemorated himself under the name of Richard de Haldingham and Lafford in Lincolnshire, but his real name was Richard de la Battayle or de Bello. He held a prebendal stall in Lincoln Cathedral, and was promoted to a stall in Hereford in 1305. During the troubled times of Cromwell the map was laid beneath the floor of Bishop Audley's Chantry, beside the Lady Chapel, where it remained secreted for some time. In 1855 it was cleaned and repaired at the British Museum. It is certainly one of the most remarkable monuments of its kind in existence, being the largest but one of all the old maps, drawn on a single sheet of vellum. The world is represented as round, surround by the ocean. At the top of the map (the east) is represented Paradise, with its river and tree; also the eating of the forbidden fruit and the expulsion of Adam and Eve. Above is a remarkable representation of the Day of Judgment, with the Virgin Mary interceding for the faithful, who are seen rising from their graves and being led within the walls of heaven. There are numerous figures of towns, animals, birds, and fish, with grotesque creatures; the four great cities, Jerusalem, Babylon, Rome, and Troy, are made very prominent. In Britain most of the cathedrals are mentioned.
In 2007 they stopped using "Ed the Head" mascot. Tizer was re-branded with the slogan 'Original Great Taste' and a classic Tizer recipe with fewer additives and no E numbers. It was also given classic 1976 style packaging. However, despite the relaunch making great play of the addition of real fruit juice and the absence of artificial flavourings, colourings and sweeteners, the recipe was reverted in 2009 to remove the real fruit juice and reintroduce natural flavourings, natural colours and sweeteners (Acesulfame-K). Tizer was rebranded in 2011 with a new logo and the slogan "The Great British Pop".
The men received three-year prison sentences.
Napoleon III confined the National Guard during the Second Empire to subordinate tasks to reduce its liberal and republican influence. During the Franco-Prussian War the Government of National Defense of 1870 called on the Guard to undertake a major role in defending Paris against the invading Prussian army. During the uprising of the Paris Commune, from March to May 1871, the National Guard in Paris was expanded to include all able-bodied citizens capable of carrying weapons. Following the Commune's defeat by the regular French Army, the National Guard was suppressed.
Once the signal is digitized, it is separated into quadrature and in-phase components using a quadrature detector, which is typically implemented with a discrete Hilbert transform. Several measurements are made and displayed using these signal components and various DSP processes, such as the ones below
In 1978 he published the first version of what has become one of the core texts on the subject, ''American Constitutional Law''. It has since been updated and expanded a number of times.
On 28 April 2008, Taylor left Stevenage Borough after 6 months in-charge when his short-term contract ran out and he had failed to get them into the end of season play-offs. They finished the season in 6th place, 22 points behind the champions, having been in 3rd place and just 4 points off top spot when he first took charge.
Ella is historically notable for its role in the Cuban Missile Crisis.  The storm greatly complicated naval operations relating to the 'quarantine' blockade of Cuba and badly damaged several Soviet nuclear-armed submarines en route to the island, contributing to the escalation of the B-59 Incident. Early in its duration, Hurricane Ella briefly threatened to strike the North Carolina coastline. Although it remained offshore, the hurricane produced significant beach erosion along the coast. There were two associated deaths from a missing motor boat that left Charleston, South Carolina. The crew of two was declared deceased after a Coast Guard, Navy, and Air Force search failed to locate their bodies. There was no damage in Canada from its remnants.
'''ATK and DEF points''': These are short for "attack" and "defense", and determine the result of a battle between two monster cards (see more about attacking below). When a monster is involved in a battle while in Attack Position (whether attacking or being attacked), only its ATK points are applied and its DEF points are ignored. The reverse is also true: when a monster is attacked while in Defense Position, only its DEF points are applied and its ATK points are ignored. Monsters summoned in Defense position are placed face down unless otherwise stated (for example, monsters that are special summoned from the Extra Deck in Defense position are summoned face up), and remain face down until it is targeted by an opponent's monster or changed into Attack position. This is known as "flip summoning", which can activate effects in certain monsters. During the Main Phases of each turn, players can choose to change the battle position of their monsters that were not summoned that turn, unless that monster has already changed its battle position that turn or has already declared an attack.
A gunsmith is a person who repairs, modifies, designs, or builds guns. This occupation differs from an armorer. A gunsmith does factory level repairs, renovation (such as applying metal finishes), and makes modifications and alterations for special uses. Gunsmiths may also apply carvings, engravings and other decorative features to an otherwise finished gun. The environment in which all this takes place often varies depending on the specific locality, with some gun stores featuring one or a handful of individuals while others resemble large scale specialty shops.
This album features the song, "Soldiers of the Wasteland", which includes the longest guitar solo section on any of their songs. At 9 minutes and 47 seconds, this is also DragonForce's longest song.
Manchac is known for fishing, duck hunting, seafood restaurants like Middendorf's, and swamp tours. It is also home to the Port Manchac Distribution Center, with storage facilities and rail, truck, and water links to the east, west, and north. Interstate 55 has exit and entrance ramps for Manchac.
Over time, family members migrated to other states, including Michigan, Maine, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Virginia, Vermont and as far away as Chile, where today descendants of Captain Paul Delano are numerous and prominent. From the New York clan, Sara Delano married James Roosevelt and their only child, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, became president of the United States.
As fisheye lenses gained popularity in general photography, camera companies began manufacturing fisheye lenses that enlarged the image circle to cover the entire rectangular frame, called a "full-frame fisheye".
The area is home to Japanese cuisine (and some Korean and Chinese) restaurants, supermarkets, indoor shopping malls, hotels, banks and other shops, including one of the few U.S. branches of the large Kinokuniya bookstore chain. Most of these businesses are located in the commercial Japan Center of the neighborhood, in a large shopping mall built in the 1960s as part of urban renewal efforts and is run by Japanese retailer Kintetsu.
Roberts wrote to French (22 March) denying the "swine and robbers" comment, although French's reply stressed his hurt that Roberts had thought so ill of him.
The Cursor Mundi is divided in accordance to the seven ages of salvation history.
His Royal Highness Paduka Seri Begawan Sultan placed the crown on the head of his son and handed him the Keris Si Naga, which is the symbol of supreme power in Brunei.
The Khalkha or Halh dialect is the standard written language of Mongolia.
He illustrated books during this period as well.
OpenText Corporation is a Canadian company that develops and sells enterprise information management (EIM) software.
Afanasyev became deputy editor of Pravda (a newspaper given the prestige of serving as the "official voice of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union") in 1968. He remained as deputy editor with Pravda until joining the Kommunist (regarded as the theoretical and political organ of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union) for a brief period as chief editor in 1974-1975. He returned to become chief editor of Pravda in 1975, remaining with the newspaper in the same capacity until 1989.
''Bibliotheca Pepysiana'', London: Sidgwick and Jackson, 1913-40 (reissued by Cambridge University Press, 2009; ISBN 978-1-108-00312-4) pt. 1. "Sea manuscripts, by Dr. J. R. Tanner. - pt. 2. General introduction, by F. Sidgwick, and Early printed books to 1558, by E. Gordon Duff. - pt. 3. Mediaeval manuscripts, by Dr. M. R. James. - pt. 4. Shorthand books, with biographical and bibliographical notes, by W. J. Carlton.
Leschi's execution was initially scheduled for January 22, 1858, but his supporters arranged an elaborate plot in which the Pierce County sheriff, George Williams, allowed himself to be arrested by sympathetic members of the United States Army rather than carry out the execution.  On February 19, 1858, Leschi was hanged in a small valley, from a hastily constructed gallows near Lake Steilacoom, on land which later became a golf course and is now housing. There is a small monument nearby in a strip mall in Lakewood. The hangman is reported to have later said "I felt then I was hanging an innocent man, and I believe it yet."
The humbler consists of a testicle cuff device that clamps around the base of the scrotum, mounted in the centre of a bar that passes behind the thighs at the base of the buttocks. This forces the wearer to keep his legs folded forward, as any attempt to straighten the legs even slightly pulls hard on the scrotum, causing considerable discomfort.
Ajatashatru repented a lot but repentance was of no use.  Ajatashatru then shifted his palace to Champa and made it his capital as the previous palace reminded him of his atrocious mistake.
The Central Forensic Science Laboratory (CFSL) is a wing of the Indian Ministry of Home Affairs, which fulfils the forensic requirements in the country.1 It houses the only DNA repository in South and Southeast Asia.
A number of leaders within the Suksuhu tribe stood ready to take his place. In 1582 the chieftain Nikan Wailan allied with the Ming general Li Chengliang against Wang Gao's son Atai. Giocangga, chief of the Beiles of the Sixes, was originally under Li's command since his grandson, the young Nurhaci was under his hostage but later chose to oppose Nikan Wailan and took his fourth son Taksi to support Atai at his stronghold Fort Gure. In the ensuing battle at Gure, Atai was defeated, Giocangga and his son were massacred by Nikan Wailan when Li thought they had mutinied and left them behind. Soon afterwards, the Ming troops became engaged in another struggle amongst the Haixi Jurchens.
Sanguma was a Papua New Guinean musical ensemble active from 1977 to 1985. They combined music from the cultural tradition of Papua New Guinea with Western instruments and were one of the first Papua New Guinean music groups to perform internationally. Sanguma formed at the National Arts School in 1977 and performed in their homeland at the South Pacific Festival of Arts in 1980. Sanguma were nurtured very closely in their early days by the Australian musician Ric Halstead, who was a lecturer at the National Arts School in Port Moresby from whence Sanguma originated.
born March 16, 1976 in Tokyo is a Japanese voice actor affiliated with the voice talent agency Aoni Production. His first major role in voice-over  was Spark in the Record of Lodoss War: Chronicles of the Heroic Knight TV series. He voiced Hikaru Ichijyo in a number of Macross-related video games in the 2000s. Other major roles include Yuto Kiba in High School DxD, Jade in Ultimate Muscle, Nobuchika Ginoza in Psycho-Pass, Keisaku Sato in Shakugan no Shana, Taihei Doma in Himouto! Umaru-chan, and Tuxedo Mask in Sailor Moon Crystal.  In anime films he voices Fumito Nanahara in Blood-C, Masaki in Time of Eve.
The demand for a new and bigger stadium had increased due to the successful performance of Dinamo Tbilisi. This was the Communist time, when every problem had to be solved by the USSR supreme government body. The leader and the first secretary of Georgian Communist Party Eduard Shevardnadze was able to persuade Official Moscow, that Georgia needed bigger and better stadium for home matches. By the time stadium was built, it took the third place with its capacity in Soviet Union. It could fit 78,000 supporters and fulfill every standards and requirements of Soviet Football Federation as well as UEFA.
Rollins played his first game with the Dodgers during opening day against the San Diego Padres on April 6, 2015, hitting a 3-run homer off of Shawn Kelley, giving the Dodgers a 6-3 victory over the Padres. He struggled offensively with the Dodgers, hitting a career low .224 with 13 homers and 41 RBI. He also stole eight bases. In September, he lost his starting job to rookie Corey Seager. On the final day of the season, in a meaningless game, manager Don Mattingly let Rollins manage the club for the game.
Like the Jerusalem Bible, the New Jerusalem Bible makes the uncommon decision to render God's name, the Tetragrammaton, in the Jewish scriptures as Yahweh rather than as Lord or Jehovah which is consistently rendered Yahweh in 6,823 places of the NJB Old Testament. However, "Lord" is a translation of "Adonai". Further, this decision is based on translating or reinstating the earliest known copy of parts of the Old Testament found at Qumran in 1947 (the Dead Sea Scrolls), dating to about the second century BCE. Coincidentally, the Qumran text often agrees with the Septuagint, from about the same period, rather than with the later Masoretic text. For example, in Deuteronomy 32:8-9, not only is "Lord" translated as Yahweh, but a phrase "sons of Israel" is corrected to "sons/children of God" on basis of the Qumran and the Septuagint texts. In fact, this change in the New Jerusalem Bible seems to make more sense of the passage than the common translations which retain the Masoretic-based "sons of Israel." It seems other versions retain the more common Masoretic reading because the Qumran-based reading has polytheistic suggestions, in that it is implied "Yahweh" is one of the sons in a pantheon of gods headed by "Elyon" or "Alyan," God the Most High. The NJB is one of the versions authorized to be used in services of the Episcopal Church and the Anglican Communion.
Optimized purchasing : Used to take full advantage of negotiated conditions or for optimal utilisation of existing transport capacities.
She appeared in a 2009 documentary Pretty Bloody: The Women of Horror.
Certain agricultural demands may increase more than others with an increasingly wealthier global population, and meat is one commodity expected to double global food demand by 2050, which directly affects the global supply of fresh water.  Cows need water to drink, more if the temperature is high and humidity is low, and more if the production system the cow is in is extensive, since finding food takes more effort.  Water is needed in processing of the meat, and also in the production of feed for the livestock. Manure can contaminate bodies of freshwater, and slaughterhouses, depending on how well they are managed, contribute waste such as blood, fat, hair, and other bodily contents to supplies of fresh water.
The rim of Meggers is roughly circular in form, with slight outward bulges to the southeast and northeast. The crater merges with a comparably sized formation to the northwest, and the intervening rim is somewhat irregular in form. The interior floor of Meggers is slightly irregular.
In 2007, Janice Neri, a professor of art history and visual culture, studied Hooke's artistic influences and processes with the help of some newly rediscovered notes and drawings that appear to show some of his work leading up to Micrographia. She observes, "Hooke's use of the term "schema" to identify his plates indicates that he approached his images in a diagrammatic manner and implies the study or visual dissection of the objects portrayed." Identifying Hooke's schema as 'organization tools,' she emphasizes:  
In the United States, the most common commercially available relishes are made from pickled cucumbers and are known in the food trade as pickle relishes.  Two variants of this are hamburger relish (pickle relish in a ketchup base or sauce) and hotdog relish (pickle relish in a mustard base or sauce).  Other readily available commercial relishes in the United States include corn (maize) relish.  Heinz, Vlasic, and Claussen are well known in the United States as producers of pickled cucumbers and pickle relishes.
Fresco Pictures is a film company, formed in 1996 and based in Los Angeles.  The principals of the corporation are Peter Johnson and science fiction author Orson Scott Card, author of Ender's Game.
"a phobia is an example of a reaction formation. The person wants what he fears. He is not afraid of the object; he is afraid of the wish for the object. The reactive fear prevents the dreaded wish from being fulfilled.
The album marked the Bad Seeds debut of drummer Thomas Wydler, expanding the Bad Seeds line-up to Cave, Wydler, Mick Harvey, Blixa Bargeld and Barry Adamson. Cave would later downplay the importance of the record, but said it helped the band develop musically:
William De Morgan died in London in 1917, of trench fever, and was buried in Brookwood Cemetery. Recollections of William De Morgan praise him both for his personal warmth and the indomitable energy with which he pursued his kaleidoscopic career as designer, potter, inventor and novelist.
Apart from Dash, all the Dulux dogs have been breed champions. Five of them have won 'Best of Show' prizes. The most recent Dulux Dog, Don, is Crufts Qualified.
Godinotia is an extinct genus of strepsirrhine primate belonging to the Adapidae family. It lived during the Eocene epoch (49 million years ago), and its fossils have been found in the Messel Pit, Germany.
Note: The by-election was caused by the decision of all Unionist MPs to resign their seats and seek re-election on a platform of opposition to the Anglo-Irish Agreement.
In 1731 the Benezet family immigrated to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, founded by Quakers and one of the English colonies of North America. Then 18 years old, Anthony Benezet joined John Woolman as one of the earliest American abolitionists. Like Woolman, Benezet also advocated war tax resistance.
See also List of Michigan state parks and geography of Michigan.
Following the season, he elected to re-sign with the Nets. He averaged 19.6 points, 8 assists and 1.6 steals in 34 minutes per game for the Nets that year, and helped lead them to the playoffs for their first time in four years. However they were swept by Michael Jordan and the Bulls in the first round. During his time with the Nets, Cassell lived in Teaneck, New Jersey.
For any finite system, the superselection is imperfect. An Ising model on a finite lattice will eventually fluctuate from the mostly plus to the mostly minus at any nonzero temperature, but it takes a very long time. The amount of time is exponentially small in the size of the system measured in correlation lengths, so for all practical purposes the flip never happens even in systems only a few times larger than the correlation length.
More graduates of the Yale School of Medicine enter medical scholarship (including Ph.D. degrees in Medicine) as professors of medicine than those graduates of other medical schools.
''Buff the charts'' (verb: to make a patient look well treated in the charts or medical records, without actually receiving any treatment.)
Lary was born in Northport, Alabama, in April 1930.  He was raised with six brothers on his family's farm near Northport.  His father, J. Milton "Mitt" Lary, was a semipro spitball pitcher, and five of the Lary brothers went on to play baseball for the University of Alabama.  His older brother Al Lary was briefly a pitcher for the Chicago Cubs, but spent most of his baseball career in the minor leagues.  Lary followed his older brothers to the University of Alabama, where he had a 10-1 record in 1950 and won two more games in the College World Series.  Lary dropped out of Alabama after two years to play professional baseball.
Johnson, who made the initial allegations, made bizarre and impossible statements about Raymond Buckey, including that he could fly. Though the prosecution asserted Johnson's mental illness was caused by the events of the trial, Johnson had admitted to them that she was mentally ill beforehand. Evidence of Johnson's mental illness was withheld from the defense for three years and, when provided, was in the form of sanitized reports that excluded Johnson's statements, at the order of the prosecution. One of the original prosecutors, Glenn Stevens, left the case and stated that other prosecutors had withheld evidence from the defense, including the information that Johnson's son did not actually identify Ray Buckey in a series of photographs. Stevens also accused Robert Philibosian, the deputy district attorney on the case, of lying and withholding evidence from the court and defense lawyers in order to keep the Buckeys in jail and prevent access to exonerating evidence.
The producers contacted various state film commissions across America looking for an elegant center city department store in which to shoot the movie. They visited ones across the country before settling on John Wanamaker's in Philadelphia (now Macy's Center City). The store was given the name Prince and Company for the film. Interior filming at Wanamaker's took about three weeks, with shooting usually beginning around 9 pm and going until 6 am the next day.
In 2005, while preparing for a presentation in Germany and following the naming of Cardinal Ratzinger as Pope Benedict XVI, Fox created 95 theses that he then translated into German. On the weekend of Pentecost, arrangements were made for him to nail these to the door of the Wittenberg church where Martin Luther nailed the original 95 Theses in the 16th century, an act often associated with the Protestant Reformation.
The Irish Studies Program is based at Coolnagreina in seaside Greystones. Courses are taught by the university's own professors. This program is enriched by exposure to Ireland's fine arts, exploration of the land and experience with the Irish people. Reflection for personal growth occurs through residence life, guided discussions, and chapel sessions.  Students are encouraged to worship with local churches and fellowships.
This caused Toksvig to corpse, and the game was held up for almost a minute while peals of laughter echoed from the audience in response to Sandi's hysterical laughing that had rendered her completely helpless. This is possibly the only time that Radio 4 has broadcast a minute of uninterrupted laughter.
AGL-Drapeau Football (since September 2011) is a new club born from the fusion of two historic associations of the town.
Still, another account was that of Father Cavada, an Augustinian priest, who said that the first chapel in the country, having the Patron Saint Matthew was built by the riverside in 1596 south of the present Poblacion of San Mateo which was then only a Barrio of Tondo. Saint Matthew thus gave to the town its name when the chapel was set up during his feast day.
Exposed glazing seals and gaskets require inspection and maintenance to minimize water penetration, and to limit exposure of frame seals and insulating glass seals to wetting.
The military regions (originally eleven, then seven) of the People's Liberation Army were divided into military districts, usually contiguous with provinces, and military sub-districts.
There were US reprints of six of the New Worlds Quarterly anthology series.  The first four were published by Berkley Books; Avon Books picked up two more of the series after Berkley dropped it, but since the fifth volume had been missed by that time, Avon retitled volumes 6 and 7 as New Worlds Quarterly 5 and New Worlds Quarterly 6.
Players can pick from one of eight teams who were among the 16 that had competed in the playoffs the year before the game was released. The MS-DOS version contained teams from the 1989 NBA Playoffs, while the Genesis version contained the playoff teams from the 1990 NBA Playoffs.
Juno reunited to play two shows in Seattle on December 9 and 10  2006 for KEXP's annual Yule Benefit.
A state bank is generally a financial institution that is chartered by a state. It differs from a reserve bank in that it does not necessarily control monetary policy (indeed, the state in question may have no legal capacity to create monetary policy), but instead usually offers only retail and commercial services.
Canneh, mentioned in the Book of Ezekiel 27:23 as one of the towns with which Tyre carried on trade was associated with Calneh by A.T. Olmstead, History of Assyria. Xenophon mentioned a Kainai on the west bank of the Tigris below the Upper Zab.
A referendum was held on 1 September 2015 and an absolute majority of voters resolved in favour of the direct election of the Mayor by electors for a four-year term which necessarily increases the number of Councillors by one. The change will take effect at the next elections in 2017 unless changed by another referendum before then.
As the host nation, Greece was awarded a minimum of eleven quota places in ten different events.
Egypt sent six boxers to Athens.  They competed in the six heaviest weight classes, with no competitors in Lightweight or below.  Five of the Egyptian boxers won their first bouts on the team's way to a silver medal and two bronzes.  Their combined record was 10-6, with two of the losses coming from walkovers.  Egypt was 7th in the medal ranking for boxing.
Rule: Qualifying standard 14.45 (Q) or at least 12 best qualified (q).
Al Maktoum, a member of the ruling family of Dubai, had been participating in hunting since childhood, but it was not until the age of 34 that he took up shooting as a sport. Earlier, he was the UAE national champion in squash.
In addition to comic work Nick also undertakes private and commercial commissions (family caricatures, event posters and suchlike) and runs popular Cartoon Workshops, such as the Art of Stories Festival at the Eden Project.
Hanlan's Point Stadium was a baseball stadium and lacrosse grounds in Toronto, Canada. It was erected in 1897 at Hanlan's Point on the Toronto Islands for the minor league Toronto Maple Leafs baseball club. It was destroyed by fire twice, in 1903, and again in 1909. Adjacent to the Hanlan's Point Amusement Park, the site was in use for various sports until the late 1930s.
Some popular modern groups include the Palatini, A Filetta, Terra, Voce di Corsica, Alte Voce, Barbara Furtuna, Vaghjime, Cinqui So', all-female Donnisulana, Les Nouvelles Polyphonies Corses, Tavagna, Canta u Populu Corsu and I Muvrini. The region of Balagne has emerged as a hot spot for Corsican music, producing groups like U Fiatu Muntese. Some more recent successful groups are
Rurality Environment Development - R.E.D.
Residents of the state who are Irish citizens or British citizens may participate in elections to the national parliament. Residents who are citizens of any EU state may vote in European Parliament elections, while any resident, regardless of citizenship, may participate in local elections.
The arena also contains a training facility. Since 2016, it is named after the well-known Greek basketball player Nikos Galis.
10 May: Freikorps suppress communists in Leipzig.
The museum had 138,720 visitors in 2011 and 300,000 visitors in 2012. In the first twelve months after the reopening in September 2012, the museum had 750,000 visitors. In 2013, the museum had 700,000 visitors. It was the 4th most visited museum in the Netherlands, after the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum, and Anne Frank House, and the 87th most visited art museum worldwide that year. In 2014 and 2015, the museum had respectively 816,396 and 675,000 visitors.
Villa Park's old Holte End was historically the largest of all Kop ends, closely followed by the old South Bank at Molineux, both once regularly holding crowds in excess of 30,000. However, in the mid-1980s work was completed on Hillsborough's Kop which, with a capacity of around 22,000, became the largest roofed terrace in Europe.
After the game, their coach approaches the twins and their parents, Mary and Larry Burge, and tells Mr. and Mrs. Burge they should consider putting the girls in summer basketball camps, saying they have a very bright future. Mr. Burge proudly says that his girls are going to play college ball - but the coach says, "Maybe more. There's talk of a women's pro-league." Mr. Burge also apologizes for putting so much pressure on Heather and for forcing Heidi to play basketball in the first place. They forgive him. Mr. Burge says that Heidi has plans for a summer at a drama camp, which pleases her and reveals how important it is to be well-rounded.
Because of the increasing controversy surrounding his record in office, election battles have been increasingly contentious. In 2011, a Super PAC was formed by Texas conservative groups to remove him and several other long-time incumbents from office.
He was son of Mstislav I from his second marriage from unknown daughter of Dymitr Zawidowicz. According to Latopis kijowski Vladimir was born between 1 March 1131 and 29 February 1132.
The name Ranelagh applies to many geographical features.  The stretch of road joining Sandford Road (which begins at the corner of Anna Villa) to Ranelagh Road (which begins at the railway bridge) is known as Ranelagh or Ranelagh Village.  The whole surrounding area is also popularly known as Ranelagh, stretching from Charlemont Bridge on the Grand Canal at the northern end of Ranelagh Road down to the junction with Milltown Road at the southern end of Sandford Road, and from Leeson Street to the East towards Rathmines to the West.  At the centre of Ranelagh is "Ranelagh Triangle", semi-officially "the Angle", which is the junction of Ranelagh Village and Charleston Road.  Nearby restaurant "Tribeca" references these geographical features (i.e., Tri-angle Be-low Ca-nal).  To the North of the Triangle is the "Hill Area" of Ranelagh, which was the scene of Lee Dunne's novel, "Goodbye to the Hill".  Ranelagh contains many fine Victorian streets such as those surrounding Mount Pleasant Square.
Soon after she returned to Providence, Katy was purchased by Rhode Island 31 October. Late in November, Katy sailed for Philadelphia carrying seamen enlisted by Commodore Esek Hopkins in New England for Continental service. Arriving 3 December, Katy was immediately taken into Continental service and renamed Providence.
The proliferation of thermal imaging FLIR systems on the battlefields necessitates the use of obscurant smokes that are effectively opaque in the infrared part of electromagnetic spectrum. To achieve this, the particle size and composition of the smokes has to be adjusted. One of the approaches is using an aerosol of burning red phosphorus particles and aluminium coated glass fibers; the infrared emissions of such smoke curtains hides the weaker emissions of colder objects behind it, but the effect is only short-lived. Carbon (most often graphite) particles present in the smokes can also serve to absorb the beams of laser designators. Yet another possibility is a water fog sprayed around the vehicle; the presence of large droplets absorbs in infrared band and additionally serves as a countermeasure against radars in 94 GHz band. Other materials used as visible/infrared obscurants are micropulverized flakes of brass or graphite, particles of titanium dioxide, or terephthalic acid.
12.15 pm Eucharist
Conran was born in Flint, Michigan. He was educated at the California Institute of the Arts. He grew up watching such classic adventure movies and serials as King Kong, Lost Horizon, Metropolis, and Flash Gordon on a local television channel.
3rd Battalion, Royal Gurkha Rifles; formed by renaming the 1st Bn, '''10th Princess Mary's Own Gurkha Rifles'''.
Beginning with the Iraq Liberation Act signed into law by President Bill Clinton in 1998, the U.S. government officially called for regime change in Iraq. The Republican Party's campaign platform of 2000 called for "full implementation" of the act and removal of Iraqi president Saddam Hussein, with a focus on rebuilding a coalition, tougher sanctions, reinstating inspections, and support for the Iraqi National Congress.
This airport was built in the 1930s and seized by the Germans in June 1940 during the Battle of France. Beauvais was used as a Luftwaffe military airfield during the occupation. Known units assigned (all from Luftflotte 3, Fliegerkorps IV):
The primary residential district in Clementi is Clementi New Town and forms a large bulk of its residents and identity. The area also consists of many landed properties, especially in the West of the area.
His centralist policies brought him into conflict with regional interests and he was often at odds with the Aragonese faction at court which enjoyed many traditional liberties from the central government. The Aragonese faction, supported by the queen's lover Manuel de Godoy and the Count of Aranda, finally succeeded in ousting Floridablanca from power in 1792 on charges of embezzlement. Floridablanca was imprisoned at the castle of Pamplona for three years and only released after the intervention of his brother. He was acquitted in 1795, although the ordeal weighed heavily upon him and he retired to seclusion on his estates.
Thule Island, also called Morrell Island, is one of the southernmost of the South Sandwich Islands, part of the grouping known as Southern Thule. It is named, on account of its remote location, after the mythical land of Thule, said by ancient geographers to lie at the extreme end of the earth. The alternative name Morrell Island is after Benjamin Morrell, an American explorer and whaling captain. It was espied by James Cook and his Resolution crew on 31 January 1775 during his attempt to find Terra Australis.
Derek William Beackon is a British National Front politician and former British National Party (BNP) member. In 1993, he became the party's first elected councillor, although he served for only eight months.
Lincoln's tenure as CEO of the Seattle Mariners has seen both success and controversy. Lincoln was considered instrumental, along with former Senator Slade Gorton, in preserving the team's location in Seattle and negotiating with the city for a new stadium, Safeco Field. His stewardship has seen the team's first post-season appearances, in 1995, 1997, 2000, and 2001, as well as the aggressive expansion of the Mariners into the Japanese market, most noticeably through the acquisition of Japanese superstar Ichiro Suzuki. However, Lincoln is also held responsible by many for the team's stagnation and decline following 2001. His inability to retain successful field managers and general managers like Lou Piniella and Pat Gillick, carte-blanche attitude towards superstar players, contentious relationship with local media, and pattern of questionable hiring decisions have led to increasing calls within the fanbase for Lincoln to assume a less-active administrative role.
Taunton died in July 1869, aged 70, at his London house in Belgrave Square. He was buried near his country house Quantock Lodge at Over Stowey. As he had no sons the barony became extinct on his death. His nephew, also Henry Labouchere, inherited part of Labouchere's fortune, and was later to become a well-known newspaper editor and politician.
Plans for a Jazz FM TV channel to launch in the middle of 2004 were reported by various websites from 2003. The channel if it had launched would have been a mix of music videos and documentaries.
Mike Dickin was killed in a car crash while driving on the A30 near his home in Cornwall, on 18 December 2006, at the age of 63. Fellow talkSPORT presenter James Whale presented his tribute show. Mike left a wife (second marriage) and 5 children, including two from his first marriage.
Sodium metabisulfite and potassium metabisulfite are the primary ingredients in Campden tablets, used for wine and beer making.
Major rebuilding took place in the village following a fire in 1811.
Full Frontal - Series 2: Vol. 2 (3 Disc Set) - 5 December 2006
Before the days of professional rugby union, there was further emphasis on Irish club rugby as opposed to the provincial game. During these times the provincial sides were purely representative sides and games were far less frequent than now. Between 1946 and 2002 the sides would meet annually to contest the Irish Interprovincial Championship and on rare occasion would be tested against touring international sides. When rugby union was declared 'open' in 1995, these four teams became the four professional teams run by the Irish Rugby Football Union and therefore much of the history of the side has been made in the modern era.
The Ninth Circuit held that the TCPA applies to unsolicited cellular telephone text messages advertising the commercial availability of goods or services as "calls" made in violation of the act. 
Trotter and the Eagles defense ranked second in the NFL in 2001, earning them their first NFC East championship since 1988. The Eagles would go to the NFC Championship that year for the first time since 1980, but lost to the St. Louis Rams. Following the loss, Trotter became a free agent. He was designated with the franchise tag by the Eagles, but after failing to agree on a contract, became a free agent.
Lonnie Dragon, played by Buddy Hackett, is Peter's uncle and chief of security at Dragonfire Films. Lonnie and Peter seem to understand each other perfectly. Lonnie is one of the few people Peter actually treats with respect. Lonnie has served in many wars, including World War II, and often complains about past injuries, most notably the fact that he only has one testicle. As he puts it, "The sack is half full."
There are many proposed solutions to the problem of environmental racism. Activists have called for "more participatory and citizen-centered conceptions of justice".
In May 2000, DBT discovered that approximately 8,000 names were erroneously placed on the exclusion list, mostly those of former Texas prisoners who were included on a DBT list that turned out never to have been convicted of more than a misdemeanor. Later in the month, DBT provided a revised list to the Division of Elections (DOE) containing a total of 173,127 persons. Of those included on the "corrected list", 57,746 were identified as felons.
Filelfo's life at Milan curiously illustrates the multifarious importance of the scholars of that age in Italy. It was his duty to celebrate his princely patrons in panegyrics and epics, to abuse their enemies in libels and invectives, to salute them with encomiastic odes on their birthdays, and to compose poems on their favorite themes. For their courtiers he wrote epithalamial and funeral orations; ambassadors and visitors from foreign states he greeted with the rhetorical lucubrations then so much in vogue. The students of the university he taught in daily lectures, passing in review the weightiest and lightest authors of antiquity, and pouring forth a flood of miscellaneous erudition.
Other cards in the set commemorate some of the most famous sporting events that have taken place at Yankee Stadium. Some of these events include: Lou Gehrig's "Luckiest Man Alive" Speech (July 4, 1939); Babe Ruth's "Final Visit to Yankee Stadium" (June 11, 1948); Joe Louis vs. Max Schmeling heavyweight title bout (June 19, 1936, Schmeling won), the 1958 NFL Championship between the New York Giants and the Baltimore Colts and Muhammad Ali's title defense against Ken Norton (Sept. 28, 1976).
In 1891 Thompson developed the idea of a telegraph submarine cable that could increase the distance of the electrical pulse and therefore increase the speed of transmitting words across the telegraph cable. Until then there was an average speed of between 10 and 50 words per minute but his design was to counteract the discharging of electrical energy across the cable by introducing a return earth as part of the internal electrical structure of the cable (something like coaxial cable today). His idea, written about by Charles Bright in his book "Submarine Telegraphs", discusses the idea that the two wires could be designed as separate conductors but along their path they would be connected by an induction coil. This would allow for the introduction of capacitance and therefore allow for the distance of the electrical charge to increase so increasing the word count. This was a design that would help revolutionise submarine telegraphy and the future of telephone submarine systems.
E. Haase, ''Der Schamanismus des Eskimos'' (1987)
The college is making renovations and expansions to the Science, Business, Visual Arts, and Performing Arts departments.
Charles W. Morgan arrived at Mystic Seaport in December 1941. The ship was declared a National Historic Landmark and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1966.
The Abrams Air Craft Corporation was an aircraft manufacturer established in Lansing, Michigan in 1937 as an offshoot of Talbert Abrams' Aerial Survey Corporation. Abrams had founded an airline (ABC Airline) in 1929 but found himself increasingly interested in aerial photography.
The release utilizes many different instruments, including guitars, basses, strings, horns, glockenspiel, marimba, bass clarinet, cymbalon, hurdy-gurdy, music boxes, modified electronics, saw, and contact microphones.
Checksum Coverage (CsCov) (4 bits): Checksum Coverage determines the parts of the packet that are covered by the Checksum field.
By 31 May, all College Eyes had been fitted with QRC-248. The mission of the Bravo orbit was changed from that of a backup for the Alpha orbit to being the primary QRC-248 listener. However College Eye was prohibited by the Joint Chiefs of Staff from actively "interrogating" MiG transponders, following a National Security Agency security policy protecting its "intelligence sources" (of which the QRC-248 was one), and thus was restricted to waiting for North Vietnamese GCI to interrogate its aircraft. QRC-248 began regular use on 21 July 1967, but by then North Vietnam's MiG force, which had suffered serious losses in May, had suspended combat operations.
Opioid-induced hyperalgesia may develop as a result of long-term opioid use in the treatment of chronic pain. Various studies of humans and animals have demonstrated that primary or secondary hyperalgesia can develop in response to both chronic and acute exposure to opioids. This side effect can be severe enough to warrant discontinuation of opioid treatment.
Apichatpong attended Khon Kaen University and received a bachelor's degree in architecture in 1994. He made his first short film, Bullet, in 1993. He attended the School of the Art Institute of Chicago and received a master's degree of fine arts in filmmaking in 1997.
Scott Andrew Caan (born August 23, 1976) is an American actor. He currently stars as Detective Danny "Danno" Williams in the CBS television series Hawaii Five-0, for which he was nominated for a Golden Globe Award. Caan is also known for his recurring role as manager Scott Lavin in the HBO television series Entourage. He was also a part of 1990s rap group The Whooliganz with The Alchemist. The duo went by the names Mad Skillz and Mudfoot, respectively.
St James Park was originally 'glebe land' belonging to St Paul's church and was divorced from the main church property by the laying of the Main North Railway line in the early 1870s. It is believed to have been farmed by James Triggs, the St Paul's Church verger, and part of it was developed as a cricket ground by the Papanui Cricket Club under the captaincy of John Matson with the permission of Rev. Lorenzo Moore. By 1874 the new incumbent at St Paul's, the Rev Brittan, had joined the Cricket Club as a player, but had also leased some of the land to Mr Jackson, another club member, for stock grazing. The land appears in an 1880 map as a cricket ground, but was later abandoned by the cricket club and sold to Ivorys Cool Stores in 1916. The land was purchased by the City in 1924 after residents, led by Rev Griffin, petitioned the council for a park and has both main entrances sited on St James Avenue. It was named in a Public Notice drawn up by the Christchurch City Council Bylaws and Finance committee chaired by Councilor Andrews on 30 April 1924. Rev Griffin did not live to see the park opened, and as a mark of respect Memorial Gates and a rose garden we jointly funded by the residents and the Council in his honour.
A use which relies heavily on intonation and context could produce yet another meaning: "So the war was really not over yet (as you have been trying to convince me all along)."
Although popular with the public, the California Raisin campaign eventually failed because its production cost the raisin growers almost twice their earnings. CALRAB (The people who made the campaign) was also closed on July 31, 1994 due to disagreements with raisin producers over the fairness of required payments to the organization.
The St. Michael's team finished in first place in the Metro Junior A league, and competed for the J. Ross Robertson Cup again in 1962. Coached by Ted Flanagan, the team lost in the Cup finals to the Hamilton Red Wings.
The album release was postponed from the winter of 2004 to January 2005 by Interscope to protect it from late-year releases by Eminem and Destiny's Child. In effect, giving a better selling market. Vocalist Conrad Keely commented: "I have constant anxiety that the record won't sell. We hope we appeal to not just people of this generation, but people of future generations. We're trying to do something that's timeless and timely. Something that's culturally significant. To have it overlooked would be, for me, a nightmare."
Undaunted by its poor performance, the Kiwi Party held a conference in Christchurch in March 2009, and announced its intention to contest the 2011 general election. As The Family Party and New Zealand Pacific Party had been dissolved, it would have been the only Christian party in the contest.
About 1843 Oakes began painting landscapes from nature, and in 1847 the first picture exhibited by him in London, 'Nant Frangcon, Carnarvonshire,' appeared at the British Institution, and was followed in 1848 by 'On the River Greta, Keswick,' at the Royal Academy. He continued to send pictures, chiefly of Welsh mountain, moorland, and coast scenery, to these exhibitions, as well as to the Society of British Artists, Dudley Gallery, Portland Gallery, and elsewhere, and in 1859 came to reside in London.
It was nominated for Best Long Form Music Video at the 47th Annual Grammy Awards.
After several months of inactivity, a new version of Fosca debuted on Friday 25 September 1998 at Queeruption in London. From this point forward, Dickon himself became the frontman for the band. For the first show, the band included seven members, while the next, on New Year's Eve 1998, featured only three.  In early 1999, Fosca made their first attempt at recording debut album On Earth To Make The Numbers Up at Riverside Studios in Hammersmith, London. This was eventually aborted after the budget ran out and one track, Storytelling Johnny was accidentally wiped by the DAT recording machine.  However, one track from these sessions, File Under Forsaken, would later be released as the lead track for Fosca's debut single Nervous, London along with two additional tracks featuring Rachel Stevenson on folk-style lead vocals.
Multiwire systems split more than two ways are possible with both AC and DC but have the significant disadvantage that no matter which point is tied to ground some of the wires will have a higher earth relative voltage than the utilisation voltage; therefore, such systems are not used in normal power distribution.
Bromham Methodist Church was built in 1799, on Church Hill below the parish church and enlarged in 1815 and 1880. As of 2016 the church is still in use.
Recent DNA evidence suggests that Madagascar's eight endemic carnivores, including the Malagasy "mongooses" (Galidia, Galidictis, Mungotictus, and Salanoia), fossa (Cryptoprocta ferox), falanouc (Eupleres goudotii), and Malagasy civet (Fossa fossana), are descended from a single ancestor which crossed from Africa to Madagascar 18-24 million years ago.
Barsac is a commune on the left bank of the Garonne river in the Gironde department in southwestern France.
The lifespan of microbes in the home varies similarly. Generally bacteria and viruses require a wet environment with a humidity of over 10 percent. E. coli can survive for a a few hours to a day. Bacteria which form spores can survive longer, with Staphylococcus aureus surviving potentially for weeks or, in the case of Bacillus anthracis, years.
Antoinette left for New York City to do charity work in the slums and to lecture and raise money for the people that live there. On her way to New York City she stopped in Worcester, Massachusetts to attend the first National Woman's Rights Convention. This convention influenced her so much that she decided to become an independent speaker. She traveled throughout New England in places like Pennsylvania and Ohio to speak on Woman's Rights, Anti-Slavery and Temperance. She sometimes even spoke in church sermons when she had the chance.
The efforts of Miller and Lindwall against Hutton had led the English selectors to drop the Yorkshireman for the Third Test. The Australians were surprised by the move and thought that it was a bad move by their opponents. Miller had a quiet Third Test at Old Trafford, taking one wicket and scoring 31 as the match ended in a draw. In a rain-shortened match, Miller again earned the ire of the crowd, after aiming a series of bouncers at Edrich, in apparent retaliation to the Englishman's bouncing of Lindwall. He struck Edrich on the body before Bradman ordered him to stop.
Teleporters moved characters between dungeon levels (especially the Excelsior Transporter, which first appeared in dnd on PLATO). High level monsters, including a Golden Dragon that guards the Orb, are found at the end of each dungeon. Leaving the dungeon allows one to recuperate and regain spells and return later.
Wade Wilson is the head coach of the softball team. They were the 2014 SCAC regular season and tournament champions.
Morice was the eldest son of Sir William Morice, a Member of Parliament who assisted in the Restoration of King Charles II, and was knighted and appointed Secretary of State for the Northern Department in 1660.
The second of the Lost Tales stories shows, in a dream sequence, that the Omega design is still being used approximately 30 years after the final year of the Babylon 5 series.
In addition to various works on Roman history and government, several of which have been reprinted, he also translated Alberico Gentili's Hispanicae Advocationis Libri Dvo ("Two Books of Advocacy in the Service of Spain").
In production of finos, winemakers normally will only use the free run juice-the juice that is produced by crushing the grapes under their own weight before they are sent to a wine press. The juice that comes after pressing is typically more coarse and produces heavier bodied wines. That juice is typically used to make oloroso sherry.
Scenario events are usually planned far in advance, both by the event "producers" or fields, and by the players themselves. Players may form large, lasting networks of players and teams that play together year after year in a specific scenario. These organizations help plan game strategy and direct their groups on the field and offer a level of organization beyond the basic two-sided team play.
New Ferry also has a number of Private Members Clubs: The Royal British Legion at Hesketh Hall on Boundary Road (now closed), The Ex Civil Defence Club in School Lane and The Bebington Liberal Club on Bebington Road.
While his father completed his rebellion against the Yuan Dynasty, Zhu Biao was generally kept away from the front lines and provided with the most esteemed Confucian scholars of his time as tutors. Particularly by comparison with his father or brother, Zhu Biao is remembered as being soft-hearted. The official History of Ming records him once questioning his father why so many of the ministers and generals who had aided him in forming the Ming Empire were being rewarded with death or banishment. His father replied that they were like thorns on a vine; not trusting Zhu Biao to do it himself, the Hongwu Emperor was kindly removing them before passing it on to his son.
In contrast to the SDA, who have recently been embroiled in scandal for negotiating Agreements that pay workers below Award rates, UNITE have consistently won improvements for retail workers.
She sailed 27 November for her second war patrol, which was conducted in the western Carolines area and south of Guam. During this patrol Muskallunge scored hits on a tanker and two freighters, sinking one of the Noroto Maru class, before returning to Pearl Harbor 21 January 1944. From there, she went to the West Coast for overhaul.
it explicitly formulates a density model over the data.
He took part in the founding of the Communist Party of Nepal in 1949.
''The Coming Crisis and why It Is Coming''. In: ''Notes to the People''. Nro. 16 August, 21st 1852
In the first innings of the second Test, Herath took nine wickets for 127 runs, the best figures for a left-arm bowler in Test cricket. He was man of the match in both Test matches and also man of the series.
In May 2008, former Immigration Minister Chris Evans said that he wanted "a major overhaul of the migrant program to boost numbers, promote unskilled as well as skilled applicants" and that "cabinet is expected to approve a pilot program for a guest worker scheme from the South Pacific." Senator Evans called this a "stalking horse" for the larger debate on unskilled migration.
2010-present: The Metropolitan Borough of Gateshead wards of Birtley, Blaydon, Chopwell and Rowlands Gill, Crawcrook and Greenside, Dunston Hill and Whickham East, Lamesley, Ryton, Crookhill and Stella, Whickham North, Whickham South and Sunniside, and Winlaton and High Spen.
Thirteen Kyrgyz traders boarded the flight.
The village hosts a health centre, village shop, Post Office, Co-Operative store, brewery, butchers, chemist, gift shop, tea-room, art-cafe, beauty and holistic healing centre, and several pubs (including The Kings Head, The Allendale Inn and The Golden Lion).  There is also an Indian restaurant, The Mill Tandoori, which opened in June 2014.
On 15 June 2015, Weir returned to Rangers as Assistant Manager to Mark Warburton on a three-year deal.
Carty has played Ali Baba in the BBC Christmas pantomime Aladdin, and starred as Buttons in Cinderella at the Gatehouse Theatre Stafford from 14 December 1993 to 2 January 1994. He later starred with Barbara Windsor as the captain's mate in Dick Whittington at the Orchard Theatre, Dartford.
In 2015 it was announced that the League Leaders would qualify for the 2016 World Club Series. In the event of a team winning both League Leaders Shield and Challenge Cup then the Grand Final runners up would be the second team to qualify for World Club Series.
An ethic good with instrumental value may be regarded as an ethic means, not necessarily being an end in itself.
"Breathe" was also used by BMW as a background track in their commercial for their SUV, the BMW X6, in 2009.
Wavin N.V. is a Dutch manufacturer of plastic pipes, mainly for drainage and water supply purposes. The company was officially founded on 5 August 1955, its name deriving from WAter and VINyl chloride. The company provides plastic pipe systems and products for tap water, surface heating and cooling, soil and waste, rain water, distribution of drinking water and gas and telecom applications.
At the start Senna got away well from Mansell, Berger, Patrese, and Alesi, with everyone making it through the often-eventful double chicane. Moreno was an early casualty as he spun off on lap 2, making for a disappointing Jordan debut.
Endicott was awarded the Stalin Peace Prize in 1952 for his efforts working for "peaceful coexistence between the Christians and the Communists." He continued his advocacy for the People's Republic of China by publishing the Canadian Far East Newsletter and though he publicly backed the Soviet Union in the initial years of the Sino-Soviet split he was sympathetic to China's arguments and reported them in the newsletter.  Endicott was offered the presidency of the World Peace Council in the early 1960s but declined due to his wife's declining health and what he anticipated as a personally untenable position of leading the council during a period of growing tensions between the Soviet Union and the People's Republic of China and their respective factions on the council.
Other films include The Spanish Prisoner, All the Real Girls, Neal Cassady, as well as The Ox, which was nominated for an Academy Award (Best Foreign Language Film) in 1992. She produced the 2013 film August: Osage County, which garnered Academy Award nominations for its stars, Meryl Streep and Julia Roberts.
In Chechnya, Islam was considerably less ingrained than in the Imamate's other claims. Islam only began to make inroads in the 16th century in Chechnya, and even then was not highly important, with the indigenous Vainakh religion still holding strong. It was only at the point of the threat of Russian conquest that people began to turn en masse, to Islam as a way to mobilize a coordinated resistance to Russian encroachment. Islam was spread to the Chechens this way mainly through the work of Sheikh Mansur. Nonetheless, as Shamil and his predecessors discovered, the actual commitment of the Chechens to Islam was disappointingly small. Paganism remained in practice until the early 19th century, and Chechen Islam today is often described as lax (often epitomized by the popularity of tobacco and alcohol) and is indeed, highly syncretic with Chechens building mosques near streams, and referring to God as Deila, the old head of the Vainakh pantheon. For these reasons, the Chechens became "unreliable" and there was a mutual dislike between them and Avar Imams.
Places served along the route from Glasgow Queen Street are listed below. Sleeper services to Fort William start, however, at London Euston, calling at Edinburgh Waverley and Queen Street Low Level (to pick up or set down depending on direction).
On the final day of the negotiations, the agreement almost fell through. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu had asked President Bill Clinton to release Jonathan Pollard, an American naval intelligence officer who has been serving a life sentence since 1985 for giving classified information to Israel. A bitter disagreement arose, with Netanyahu claiming that Clinton had promised to release Pollard, and Clinton saying he had only promised to "review" the case. It was reported that then-Director of the CIA George Tenet had threatened to resign should Pollard be released.
167 is a full reptend prime in base 10, since the decimal expansion of 1/167 repeats the following 166 digits: 0.00598802395209580838323353293413173652694610778443113772455089820359281437125748502994 0119760479041916167664670658682634730538922155688622754491017964071856287425149700...
Reactive power is measured in "thousands of volt-ampere reactive-hours", (kvarh). By convention, a "lagging" or inductive load, such as a motor, will have positive reactive power.  A "leading", or capacitive load, will have negative reactive power.
The following Formula One/Formula Two races, which did not count towards the World Championship of Drivers, were held during 1953.
Hokkaido Seiyu Co., Ltd.
Many system administrators allocate for each user also a personal primary group that has the same name as the user's login name, and often also has the same numeric GID as the user's UID. Such personal groups have no other members and make collaboration with other users in shared directories easier, by allowing users to habitually work with umask 0002. This way, newly created files can have by default write permissions enabled for group members, because this will normally only enable write access for members of the personal group, that is only for the file's owner. However, if a file is created in a shared directory that belongs to another group and has the setgid bit set, then the created file will automatically become writable to members of that directory's group as well.
WNYW serves as the flagship station of Harry, The Dr. Oz Show, The Wendy Williams Show, and Inside Edition. All four of its shows are taped in New York.
The name Christian Catholic Church is still used for Christ Community Church's worldwide fellowship of churches and mission work. As of 2008, it has about 3,000 members in the United States and Canada. Missionary work is conducted in Japan, Philippines, Guyana, Palestine, Indonesia, and the Navajo Nation. Missionary work continues among the African Zionists under the banner of Zion Evangelical Ministries of Africa (ZEMA). ZEMA's goal is to convert the African Zionists from syncretism to mainstream Christian theology.
The Castra Albana contains one of the largest concentrations of Roman ruins outside Rome in the Castelli Romani. It consists basically of a few major monuments, dating in general to the time of Septimius Severus:
By adding more heads, the same small VHS-C drum can record and playback FM Hi-Fi audio that is also fully compatible with a standard sized Hi-Fi video drum.
At the suggestion of Jai Singh, he learned Arabic and Persian, in order to study Islamic astronomy. Having become proficient in these languages, he translated texts in these languages into Sanskrit. These translations include:
He is buried at Noeux-les-Mines Communal Cemetery, France, 2 miles northwest of Lens (plot 11, row K, grave 9).
A fire-tube boiler is a type of boiler in which hot gases from a fire pass through one or (many) more tubes running through a sealed container of water. The heat of the gases is transferred through the walls of the tubes by thermal conduction, heating the water and ultimately creating steam.
Bruno's upbringing is much more tragic as described: shuffled and forgotten from one abusive boarding school to another, he eventually finds himself in a loveless marriage and teaching at a high school. Bruno grows into a lecherous and insatiable sex addict whose dalliances with prostitutes and sex chat on Minitel do nothing to satisfy him, to the point where he finds himself on disability leave from his job and in a mental hospital after a failed attempt at seducing one of his students.
Pavlov died on 29 September 1981, and was buried in Novgorod.
Three years later, the smaller Chrysler Horizon also won the award. This was a five-door front-wheel drive hatchback similar in concept to the Volkswagen Golf, but again it was launched at a time when many comparable cars were still sold as rear-wheel drive saloons, so the Avenger was kept in production alongside it.
Cura hosted the annual Muscular Dystrophy Telethon in Italy in 2005.
The commissioning pennant in ships may end in a point, but they can also be forked, in which case it is also called a banderole.
Primrose Hill was a railway station at Primrose Hill, in the London Borough of Camden, London, England. 
Produced by Cameron McKenzie and Epicure.
The Land Component is organised using the concept of capacities, whereby units are gathered together according to their function and material. Within this framework, there are five capacities: command, combat, support, services and training.
Another leading article that day commented on the events. It found much to praise but complained about the lack of seats and cover for the public. It concluded with some damning criticism.
I dur och skur (A pun on the expression 'I ur och skur', meaning 'through all kinds of weather' and more or less corresponding to the English expression 'through thick and thin'. Dur is the Swedish word for Major musical key.) 1953
Between 1828 and 1840, Falmouth made two cruises with the West Indies Squadron and two with the Pacific Squadron. Between cruises, she was in ordinary for repairs and refittings at either New York or Norfolk or Norfolk Navy Yard.
Amongst the Sri Lankan Tamil diaspora, where there are no restrictions on commemorating Maaveerar Naal, large public gatherings continue to be held. In November 2014 Canadian New Democratic Party MP Rathika Sitsabaiesan was criticised for comparing Maaveerar Naal with Remembrance Day during a speech in the House of Commons.
Please continue to support Nami chan !! 
These are some of the head coaches of the Antigua and Barbuda national football team throughout the years.
''What Country Have I?: Political Writings By Black Americans'' (1970)
Phillips was born at Te Rehunga near Dannevirke, New Zealand, to Harold Housego Phillips, a dairy farmer, and his wife, Edith Webber, a schoolteacher and postmistress.
He soon returned to his Coleman Street congregation, though not to the emoluments of St. Stephen's, of which he was deprived and Theophilus Alford admitted as his successor, on 29 May 1661. He had written strenuously against the Fifth-monarchy men in 1654 and 1655; but Thomas Venner's meeting house, from which Venner's Rising proceeded, was in Swan Alley, Coleman Street, and here also, in 1653, was Goodwin's study. This may explain why Burnet wrote that Goodwin was one of these enthusiasts. Immediately on Venner's rising, Goodwin's church issued a Declaration (January 1661) disclaiming all sympathy with this or any attempt 'to propagate religion by the sword.'
Starting 2002, Dell considered buying Alienware, but did not take any action until March 22, 2006, when it agreed to purchase the company. The new subsidiary maintained its autonomy in terms of design and marketing. However, Alienware's access to Dell's supply chain, purchasing power, and economies of scale would lower its operating costs. Initially, Dell maintained the XPS line, often selling computers with the same specifications as those offered by the Alienware division. Due to corporate restructuring in the spring of 2008, the XPS brand was scaled down and then discontinued. In 2008 the former XPS line became known as "Studio XPS" and Dell advertised it as a performance computer line while Alienware was being advertised for gaming. On June 2, 2009, The M17x was introduced as the First Alienware/Dell branded system.
is defined as redirection of a therapist's feelings toward a patient, or more generally, as a therapist's emotional entanglement with a patient.  A therapist's attunement to their own countertransference is nearly as critical as understanding the transference.  Not only does this help therapists regulate their emotions in the therapeutic relationship, but it also gives therapists valuable insight into what patients are attempting to elicit in them.  For example, a therapist who is sexually attracted to a patient must understand the countertransference aspect (if any) of the attraction, and look at how the patient might be eliciting this attraction. Once any countertransference aspect has been identified, the therapist can ask the patient what his or her feelings are toward the therapist, and can explore how those feelings relate to unconscious motivations, desires, or fears.
The Fernbank Science Center is a museum, classroom, and woodland complex located in Atlanta.  It is owned and operated by the DeKalb County School System, which announced in May 2012 it was considering closing the facility to cut its annual budget, then quickly shelved the plan after public outcry.  The nearby Fernbank Museum of Natural History is a private non-profit organization that is separate from the Science Center.
Lansing pursued an acting career (appearing in two films made in 1970, Loving and Rio Lobo, starring John Wayne) but, dissatisfied with her own acting skills, she decided to learn more about the film industry from the ground up. She took a job with MGM as head script reader and worked on two successful films, The China Syndrome and Kramer vs. Kramer.
James was 26 years old and a second lieutenant in the 4th Battalion, The Worcestershire Regiment, British Army during the First World War when the following deed took place for which he was awarded the VC.
It has five noun and three adjective declensions. Noun declensions are different from standard Lithuanian (see the next section). There are only two verb conjugations. All verbs have present, past, past iterative and future tenses of the indicative mood, subjunctive (or conditional) and imperative moods (both without distinction of tenses) and infinitive. The formation of past iterative is different from standard Lithuanian. There are three numbers in Samogitian: singular, plural and dual. Dual is almost extinct in standard Lithuanian. The third person of all three numbers is common.
Pifko was born in Toronto, Ontario. A graduate of the National Theatre School of Canada, she started acting at the age of 8 and worked all through the nineties, but it was in 2000 that she landed her first starring role, in the series Our Hero, which was aimed at young teens. Her first acting role was The Elephant Show hosted by Sharon, Lois, and Bram.
B.A., M.A., Ph.D., Associate Professor of Old Testament and Semitic Languages, Trinity Evangelical Divinity School, Deerfield, Illinois.
For 1993, the 265-C engine was introduced, replacing both the "A" and the "B". The "Chevy-C" was used widespread, and produced continued success for Ilmor. Chevrolet dropped its badging support after the 1993 season.
Next to Spain, the biggest contribution to the victory of the Christian "Holy League" in the battle of Lepanto in 1571 was made by the Republic of Venice, which between 1423 and 1718 fought eight costly wars against the Ottoman Empire. In 1594 the city of Reggio was again sacked by Scipione Sinan Cicala, a renegade who converted to Islam
George Scala Chuter (born 9 July 1976 in Greenwich, London) is an English rugby union ex player who played at Hooker for Leicester Tigers.
Hampton Wick Royal Cricket Club, founded in 1863, is a cricket club at the Royal Cricket Grand Pavilion in Bushy Park. The team plays in the Fullers Brewery League. The club's first eleven finished the 2006 season as unbeaten champions of the Fullers League Division 2 1st-XI league and gained promotion to Division 1.
The album also included violin parts on "Saint Simon", played by Annemarie Ruljancich, and was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Recording Package. The cover art was designed by Jesse LeDoux. The songs "Gone for Good" and "Those To Come" were used in the 2004 film In Good Company. "Those to Come" was also used in the 2005 film Winter Passing.
The Detroit Metro Times is an alternative weekly located Ferndale, Michigan.  It is the largest circulating weekly newspaper in the metro Detroit area.
Dave Dickerson - served on Williams' staff at Maryland from 1996 to 2005; later named head coach at Tulane. Now an assistant at Ohio State under Thad Matta.
On April 18, 2015, Eric Nakamura curated Samurai! at Worcester Art Museum in Worcester, Massachusetts. The exhibition features samurai armor and contemporary art. Artists include: Murals by Andrew Hem, Mari Inukai, and Audrey Kawasaki. On view: Miya Ando, Esao Andrews, Shawn Cheng, Josh Cochran, Moira Hahn, Jed Henry, James Jean, kozyndan, Mu Pan, Ferris Plock, Stan Sakai, Masakatsu Sashie, Rob Sato, Yuko Shimizu, Katsuya Terada, and Kent Williams. The exhibition will run until September 6, 2015.
She plays in the movie Crest Of The Wave (Roy Boulting - 1954).
As of 2002, there were 25 reports of autopsies on infants known to have FAS. The first was in 1973, on an infant who died shortly after birth. The examination revealed extensive brain damage, including microcephaly, migration anomalies, callosal dysgenesis, and a massive neuroglial, leptomeningeal heterotopia covering the left hemisphere.
In 2006, Jun Planning began releasing licensed Pullips based on the characters from the anime/manga Rozen Maiden series. With the exception of the final Rozen Maiden Pullip, Kirakishou (which was an exclusive to TBS/Japan), the Rozen Maiden dolls were not limited editions.
Armand Anthony Assante, Jr. (born October 4, 1949) is an American actor. He is noted for an Emmy Award winning role as mobster John Gotti in the 1996 HBO miniseries Gotti.
Agnos has recently become involved with restricting the building of much-needed housing in San Francisco, even as rents and housing prices continue to rise to record levels. He strongly opposed the 8 Washington condominium project in 2013, in support of "No Wall on the Waterfront". Agnos also was a prominent advocate for Proposition B, a precedent-setting measure approved by a wide margin by voters in June 2014 that required developments along the waterfront to win voter approval if the plan called for a height that exceeded the height limits established in the Waterfront Land Use plan first approved by voters in 1990 and implemented in 1997. He is also now involved with attempt to block the redevelopment of the San Francisco Flower Mart.
In 1984, Technology Review printed an article about a Russian scientist using ova from frozen mammoths to create a mammoth-elephant hybrid called a "mammontelephas.". Apart from being dated "April 1, 1984," there were no obvious giveaways in the story. The Chicago Tribune News Service picked it up as a real news item, and it was printed as fact in hundreds of newspapers.
The operation took time beyond the deadline of December 25.
The court allowed three years to amend the law. Accordingly, the 2009 federal election was allowed to proceed under the previous system. The changes were due by 30 June 2011, but appropriate legislation was not completed by that deadline. A new electoral law was enacted in late 2011, but declared unconstitutional once again by the Federal Constitutional Court upon lawsuits from the opposition parties and a group of some 4,000 private citizens.
The objectives of the anti-bias curriculum are to raise awareness of bias and to reduce bias.  Anti-bias curriculum transgresses the boundaries by actively providing children with a solid understanding of social problems and issues while equipping them with strategies to combat bias and improve social conditions for all.
It seems that, although with notable exceptions, the Karamanlides did not adopt the Greek national identity of the time, preferring instead to call themselves Rum ("Romans"), Christians, or Christians of Anatolia.
Francine discovers that her husband is having an affair with his secretary, Sandra Sullivan (Mink Stole), and later confronts them during a tryst at a motel and demands a divorce. Francine then falls into alcoholism and depression, exacerbated by her children's behavior: Lu-Lu becomes pregnant by her delinquent boyfriend, Bo-Bo Belsinger (Stiv Bators), and she tells her mother, "I'm having an abortion, and I can't wait!"; and after Dexter is arrested at a supermarket for stomping on a woman's foot, the media reveal that he's the "Baltimore foot stomper".
Wythenshawe typically returns all Labour councillors in local elections, although in the 2008 elections the Liberal Democrats gained a seat in Northenden and a second seat (in the same area) in the 2010 elections. Labour regained these seats in the 2012 and 2014 elections.
Shortly after President Manuel Roxas assumed office in 1946, he instructed then-Finance Secretary Miguel Cuaderno, Sr. to draw up a charter for a central bank.   The establishment of a monetary authority became imperative a year later as a result of the findings of the Joint Philippine-American Finance Commission chaired by Cuaderno. The Commission, which studied Philippine financial, monetary, and fiscal problems in 1947, recommended a shift from the dollar exchange standard to a managed currency system.  A central bank was necessary to implement the proposed shift to the new system.
Tama to Furenzu: Uchi no Tama Shirimasen ka? will begin airing on Tokyo MX and CTV in October 2016.
The company launched Futurama Comics, based on the cartoon series of the same name in 2000. 
Metric trees and more generally real trees are the simplest interesting examples of hyperbolic spaces as they are 0-hyperbolic (i.e. all triangles are tripods).
Some stations that broadcast from smaller cities are private affiliates of the CBC, that is, stations which are owned by commercial broadcasters but predominantly incorporate CBC programming within their schedules. Such stations generally follow the CBC schedule, airing a minimum 40 hours per week of network programming.  However, they may opt out of some CBC programming in order to air locally produced programs, syndicated series or programs purchased from other broadcasters, such as CTV Two, which do not have a broadcast outlet in the same market. In these cases, the CBC programming being displaced may be broadcast at a different time than the network, or may not be broadcast on the station at all. Most private affiliates generally opt out of CBC's afternoon schedule and Thursday night arts programming. Private affiliates carry the 10 p.m. broadcast of The National as a core part of the CBC schedule, but generally omitted the 11 p.m. repeat (which is no longer broadcast). Most private affiliates produce their own local newscasts for a duration of at least 35 minutes. Some of the private affiliates have begun adding CBC's overnight programming to their schedules since the network began broadcasting 24 hours a day.
Washington's statements on the importance of religion and morality in American politics, as well as his warnings on the dangers of foreign alliances, although often stated and recognized arguments, were provided special consideration from the pen of an American hero and became common reference during political debates well into the nineteenth century.
All showtime channels area available on Foxtel, Austar and Optus, unless otherwise noted. showtime premiere and showcase are also available through Xbox 360's IPTV service.
Professor Luigi Gonzales (University of Chicago) advocated a mortgage debt for equity swap in July 2009, where the mortgage debt would be written down in exchange for the bank taking an interest in future appreciation of the home upon sale (a debt-for-equity swap). Fund Manager John Hussman also advocated debt-for-equity swaps for households and banks during April 2009.
An ellipsis usually indicates pausing or abrupt interruption. When used as a sentence closing punctuation mark, the pitch is cadent, thus decreased towards the end of such a sentence, or semi-cadent, indicating a half-finished thought, or there is no change in pitch.
The American Cancer Society reported that "there is no reliable scientific evidence that Gerson therapy is effective in treating cancer, and the principles behind it are not widely accepted by the medical community. It is not approved for use in the United States." In 1947, the National Cancer Institute reviewed 10 claimed cures submitted by Gerson; however, all of the patients were receiving standard anticancer treatment simultaneously, making it impossible to determine what effect, if any, was due to Gerson's therapy. A review of the Gerson Therapy by Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center concluded: "If proponents of such therapies wish them to be evaluated scientifically and considered valid adjuvant treatments, they must provide extensive records (more than simple survival rates) and conduct controlled, prospective studies as evidence". In 1959, the National Cancer Institute (NCI) again reviewed cases of patients treated by Gerson. The NCI found that the available information did not prove the regimen had benefit. Cancer Research UK states that "Available scientific evidence does not support any claims that Gerson therapy can treat cancer ... Gerson therapy can be very harmful to your health."
In July 1950, Major Valeriano assumed command of the elite 7th Battalion Combat Team (BCT) in Bulacan. The 7th BCT would develop a reputation toward employing a more comprehensive, more unconventional counterinsurgency strategy and reduced the random brutality against the civilian population.
There are two interpretations of what constitutes sources of law among jurists of the Ja'fari school.
Watts would open the door for Bilotti and walk him into the home's front corridor. Gravano would hide in the archway with Frank DeCicco. As Bilotti would walk past, Gravano would step out and shoot him in the head. They would then discard the plastic and body. 
Three 11-year-old boys rode their bikes into the west parking lot to purchase soft drinks. Hearing a member of the public yell something unintelligible from across the street, all three hesitated, before Huberty shot the three boys with his shotgun and Uzi. Joshua Coleman fell to the ground critically wounded in the back, arm, and leg; he later recalled looking toward his two friends, Omar Alonso Hernandez and David Flores Delgado, noting that Hernandez was on the ground with multiple gunshot wounds to his back and started vomiting; Delgado had received several gunshot wounds to his head and died. Coleman survived; Hernandez and Delgado both died at the scene. Huberty noted an elderly couple, Miguel Victoria Ulloa (74) and Aida Velazquez Victoria (69), walking toward the entrance. As Miguel reached to open the door for his wife, Huberty fired his shotgun, killing Aida with a gunshot to the face and wounding Miguel. An uninjured survivor, Oscar Mondragon, later reported that he had seen Miguel cradling his wife in his arms and wiping blood from her face. Miguel shouted curses at Huberty, who approached and killed him with a shot to the head.
It is named after nineteenth-century finds of flint tools in the Levallois-Perret suburb of Paris, France. The technique was more sophisticated than earlier methods of lithic reduction, involving the striking of lithic flakes from a prepared lithic core. A striking platform is formed at one end and then the core's edges are trimmed by flaking off pieces around the outline of the intended lithic flake. This creates a domed shape on the side of the core, known as a tortoise core as the various scars and rounded form are reminiscent of a tortoise's shell. When the striking platform is finally hit, a lithic flake separates from the lithic core with a distinctive plano-convex profile and with all of its edges sharpened by the earlier trimming work.
Russell, J. H.: ''A Pictorial Record of Southern Locomotives'' (Oxford Publishing Company: Oxford)
Motoki had 79 caps representing Japan, scoring 9 tries, 45 points in aggregate, from 1991 to 2005. He was selected for four Rugby World Cup finals, in 1991, without playing, in 1995, playing in three matches, 1999, again in three matches, and 2003. He never scored in any of his World Cup presences.
2002: Ricochet and rethemeing of Carolina Crossroads area to Carolina Boardwalk.
In 1908, a violent smallpox epidemic made the people rush en masse to the vaccination units. Cruz was vindicated and his merit recognized.
Mechanical soil cultivation practices, including primary tillage (mold-board or chisel plowing) followed by secondary tillage (disking, harrowing, etc.), break up and aerate soil. When soils become degraded and compacted, such tillage practices are often deemed necessary. The tilth created by tillage, however, tends to be unstable, because the aggregation is obtained through the physical manipulation of the soil, which is short lived, especially after years of intensive tillage. Aggregates in such soils readily dissolve during subsequent rains, causing the soil to settle and become dense and hard, requiring further tillage.
The 5 Cs of Credit - Character, Cash Flow, Collateral, Conditions and Capital- have been replaced by one single criterion.  While the international standards of bank capital were laid down in the 1988 Basel I accord, Basel II makes significant alterations to the interpretation, if not the calculation, of the capital requirement.
In 1982, McDougal was awarded a John S. Knight Fellowship at Stanford University and spent a year teaching and studying in Japan and Canada, as well as at the Palo Alto campus.
Local radio stations run hourly news bulletins which range from two minutes to the longest being a ten-minute bulletin on weekends and holidays. Presenters include, Admire Mhungu, Innocent Manyenga, Memory Chamisa and Keith Mawoyo.
Note that this distribution had no X tile because it was only used in loanwords. This distribution had a CH tile. Now this is played as C followed by H.
In 1874, while captain of the Audacious, he served for three years as flag-captain to Vice-Admiral Ryder in China; and finally he was appointed, in 1880, to command the Thunderer in the Mediterranean. The next year he was appointed captain of the steam reserve at Portsmouth.  After serving three years in that capacity, he remained at Portsmouth as flag-captain to the commander-in-chief until 1886, when he was retired by superannuation before he had attained flag rank. Subsequently he became rear-admiral, and finally vice-admiral on the retired list.
In September 1823, Porter returned to Washington in Sea Gull, arriving in 43 days. She underwent repairs at the Washington Navy Yard from 25 October to 30 December 1823. 
During the Middle Ages, Burnage was common pasture and marsh land, shared between the farmers from the manors of Withington and Heaton Norris. As the population began to expand, the land was reclaimed for arable land. In a survey of 1322, the Lord of Manchester was permitted to appropriate more land for arable use, provided he left enough common pasture land for the "commoners" to graze their animals.
Prior to 1967 elections were held on a non-party basis.  Relatively few records survive in relation to these early elections, and it is possible that they were conducted by straw poll or show of hands rather than by ballot.
Saffron features an automatic grid fitting system that aligns strong vertical and horizontal edges of glyphs to the pixel grid or to the sub-pixel grid. This grid fitting system provides better contrast, uniform stroke weights, and consistent characteristic distances. Standard Alignment Zones (SAZ) currently support several alphabets, including Arabic, Devanagari, Hebrew, Latin, and Thai. The SAZ grid fitting system requires no changes to existing typefaces and is particularly advantageous when hints are unavailable or have been removed to save space. Unhinted fonts typically occupy significantly less space than their hinted counterparts. 
R. Douglas Hurt, ''Agriculture and Slavery in Missouri's Little Dixie,'' Columbia, MO:  University of Missouri Press, 1993
An English Electric Canberra powered by two Avons made the first nonrefuelled nonstop transatlantic flight by a jet, and a BOAC de Havilland Comet 4 powered by four Avons made the first scheduled transatlantic crossing by a jet airliner.
The next morning Jimmy sees on the news that the current governor, Tom Van Allan, who was running for reelection was assassinated along with one of his mistresses in a beach house. At the office Jimmy learns that the killer was caught fleeing the scene. Sharon Rooney, one of Van Allan's many mistresses was a woman scorned who used her roommate's pistol to kill the two. With overwhelming evidence the police and district attorney have no doubt she's guilty. Jimmy visits Sharon in her holding cell. She is exactly the emotional wreck the police described. Angry about his denied promotion, Jimmy offers to switch sides and defend Sharon pro bono. She accepts, and confesses to Jimmy that she is indeed guilty as charged.
Some watch brands that use base movements manufactured by Valjoux include Appella, Breitling, Cyma Watches, Fortis, Gallet,  Glycine, Hamilton Watch, IWC, Invicta Watch Group, Junghans, Longines, Mido, NIXON Inc., Omega, Oris, Panerai, Porsche Design, Sinn, TAG Heuer and Zodiac.
However a large optimisation can be made by realising that we already know two of the three sizes, leaving only the third having to be calculated.
302.72 Female sexual arousal disorder
Founded on 27 September 1945 by Erik Reger, Walther Karsch, and Edwin Redslob the Tagesspiegel's main office is based in Berlin at Askanischer Platz in the district of Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg, less than a mile from Potsdamer Platz and the former location of the Berlin Wall.
The Library and the number of its readers grew steadily during the last decade of the nineteenth century. By 1899, it was serving 300 readers with a stock of 3,200 volumes. Approximately 1,500 'boxes, parcels and hampers' were being sent out each year.
Fleming began working as a film actress while attending Beverly Hills High School, from which she graduated in 1941. She was discovered by the well-known Hollywood agent Henry Willson. After appearing uncredited in several films, she received her first substantial role in the thriller Spellbound (1945), produced by David O. Selznick and directed by Alfred Hitchcock. She followed this with supporting roles in another thriller, The Spiral Staircase (1946), directed by Robert Siodmak, the Randolph Scott western Abilene Town (1946), and the film noir classic Out of the Past (1947) with Robert Mitchum. Her first leading role came in Adventure Island (1947), a low-budget action film made in the two-color Cinecolor process and co-starring Rory Calhoun.
Most U.S. states have a statute modeled after the APA or somewhat similar to it.  In some states, such as New Jersey, the state law is also known as the Administrative Procedure Act.
The success of the story led many to make the pilgrimage to Arreton to visit the grave of The Dairyman's Daughter, including Queen Victoria. Some even came from America, or further afield, and the lasting power of the story was such that the simple chair on which Miss Wallbridge sat when talking with Rev Richmond was preserved and in 1836 sent to America, where it remains in the possession of the American Tract Society. A chapel was erected in her memory on the main road between Arreton and Apse Heath. Now closed and converted to a residence, the foundation stone is still visible from the road.
Rembrandt used to sing with a group called The Spinning Topps (parody of The Four Tops) with three other members. His last performance with the Spinning Topps was in December 1986 (Reference: Into the Mystic).
But an unconstant lover is worse than any thief.
Camouflage is a 2004 science fiction novel by Joe Haldeman.  It won the James Tiptree, Jr. Award in 2004 and the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 2005.
China Airlines Flight 676 (CAL676, CI676) was a scheduled international passenger flight that crashed into a road and residential area in Tayuan, Taoyuan County (now Taoyuan City), near Chiang Kai-shek International Airport (present-day Taoyuan International Airport), Taiwan on the night of Monday, 16 February 1998.
Richard Antoine Rouillard was born in the Phoenix district of Mauritius in 1873.
The Administrative Vice-Minister of Defense, the senior civil-servant at the Ministry of Defense, has the role of coordinating the affairs of the Ministry and of supervising the Ministry's bureaus and organs.
The site was selected as the location for the Orfordness Beacon, one of the earliest experiments in long-range radio navigation. The Beacon was set up in 1929 and used in the pre-war era. In the 1930s Orford Ness was the site of the first purpose built experiments on the defence system that would later be known as radar. Having proved the technology on Orford Ness Robert Watson-Watt and his team moved to nearby Bawdsey Manor and developed the Chain Home radar system in time for its vital role in the Battle of Britain.
Despite being terminally ill with cancer, Egbert fought the directors tooth and nail in his efforts to continue auto operations.  However, when he had to undergo further cancer surgery (his third since 1962) that month, the board took the opportunity to force Egbert out and execute their plan to wind up automotive production.
'''Quail Can't Decide''': Questioning Quail can not make up her mind.
Her fashion company, Diane von Furstenberg (DVF) is a global luxury lifestyle brand available in over 70 countries and 45 free-standing shops worldwide, with the company's headquarters and flagship boutique located in Manhattan's Meatpacking District.
The locomotives were delivered in GN's black diesel paint scheme of the time, but were later repainted in the bright, orange and green "Empire Builder" scheme. The short exhaust stacks as delivered were at some point replaced by standard conical EMD switcher stacks.
George Patterson Nigh (born June 9, 1927), is an American politician and civic leader from the U.S. state of Oklahoma. Nigh served as the 17th and the 22nd Governor of Oklahoma. He was the first Oklahoma governor to be re-elected and the first to win all 77 counties in the state. Additionally, short term vacancies in the governor's office twice resulted in Nigh assuming gubernatorial duties while serving as lieutenant governor.
While any state may dissolve its assembly independently of the Federal Parliament, the traditional practice is for most state assemblies to be dissolved at the same time as Parliament, with the exception of Sabah and Sarawak, although these two states had held elections simultaneously with the rest of the country, as it is the case for Sabah in the 2004, 2008 and 2013 elections, and Sarawak in the 1969 and 1974 elections.
Kloof is a leafy upper-class suburb and small town, that includes a smaller area called Everton, in the greater Durban area of eThekwini in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Arden Heights is served by the I.S.75 intermediate school.  www.IS75.org
On March 10, 2007 Edwards re-signed with the Kansas City Chiefs after his five-year stint with the San Diego Chargers.
Events from the year 1890 in Ireland.
He worked with General di Cesnola in classifying the famous Cypriote collection in the Metropolitan Museum of New York City, and was a curator of that museum from 1885 until his death in Mount Vernon, New York, on 2 July 1896.
In 2006 the Ministry of Panchayati Raj named Mayurbhanj one of the country's 250 most backward districts (out of a total of 640). It is one of the 19 districts in Odisha currently receiving funds from the Backward Regions Grant Fund Programme (BRGF).
After a number of other West End roles he was cast as Bernard in Boeing Boeing at the Apollo Theatre in 1962. The farce, which was ideal for Cargill, drew the attention of major producers led to him starring in Say Who You Are at Her Majesty's Theatre in 1965 and  directing Not Now Darling by Ray Cooney and John Chapman at the Strand Theatre in 1968.
Moroso earned enough points after completing just 25 of 29 races that he was awarded the Raybestos NASCAR Rookie of the Year Award in 1990, the only driver to ever receive the award posthumously.
There is also a North Barrule in the Isle of Man. The word Barrule (Baarool) features in the Manx national anthem, in which the Island is said to be "firm as Barrule".
''A Testament of Devotion''.  ISBN 0-06-064361-7
A chart recorder is an electromechanical device that records an electrical or mechanical input trend onto a piece of paper (the chart). Chart recorders may record several inputs using different color pens and may record onto strip charts or circular charts. Chart recorders may be entirely mechanical with clockwork mechanisms, electro-mechanical with an electrical clockwork mechanism for driving the chart (with mechanical or pressure inputs), or entirely electronic with no mechanical components at all (a virtual chart recorder). 
Davison and family retired to Stepney, where he died on 21 December 1608, and was buried on 24th.  The fruits of the office of custos brevium were "benefit of said office wholly to me and my assigns."  Despite mortgaging his home in 1579, his widow was not evicted it seems, the debt not called until much later.
''Roman Villas in Central Italy: A Social and Economic History.'' Annalisa Marzano, (Brill, 2007)
In 1910 Figgis, with the help of G. K. Chesterton who wrote the introduction to his first book of verse, joined the Dent publishing company. For much of his time with Dent, Figgis resided at 42 Asmuns Hill Hampstead Gardens in London. He moved to Achill Island in 1913 to write, learn Irish and (like others of the Gaelic Revival) gain an appreciation of Irish culture, as perceived by many of his contemporaries to uniquely exist on the western seaboard. On his detention following the Easter Rising, he and the publishing house 'parted company'. Subsequently he established his own firm in which he republished the works of William Carleton and others.
On August 7, 2015, the band premiered their new track, "Portrait of Decay", through Revolver. and announced plans to record their second album, with Ill Nino guitarist Ahrue Luster hired to produce the album.
Bourville is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Haute-Normandie region in northern France.
The municipality launched a linguistic plan through Ya d'ar brezhoneg on October 28, 2005.
In Scandinavian Airlines System he was a board member for more than 20 years.
Operation Z.O.E: Recruits had four hours to carry inflatable boats known as zodiacs through a course of difficult terrain, including artificial obstacles and through a swamp. The squad would receive one hour extra sleep if they passed, and one less hour sleep if they failed. As squad leader, Wolf would gain immunity from elimination if he led the squad to victory. The squad completed the challenged in 2 hours 47 minutes, passing the mission.
In June 2010, a French court found Hortefeux guilty of a racial insult, and fined him 750 euros with an order to donate 2,000 euros to an anti-racism group. Hortefeux' lawyer said that they would appeal the ruling.
They are saved by Mad Sweeney, who explains what is going on; a gigantic worm called the Stoor Worm is buried under Europe, asleep, after being defeated by a hero thousands of years earlier. However, the sound of the artillery from the war in France is waking her up; as she becomes more and more awake, her children, various mythological monsters such as the dog that attacked Phelim, are hatching and rampaging above-ground. Alexia tells him that he is 'Jack O'Green', the hero fated to stop the worm from waking and bringing destruction, helped by the Maiden, the Fool, and the Horse. Alexia will be the maiden, and Sweeney the fool, but they still have to find the horse. She also tells him that the washerwoman he saw is an omen of his impending death, which frightens him greatly.
''That empty the heart.  I have forgot awhile''
Many demonstration solar aircraft have been built, some of the best known by AeroVironment.
"The referee may use technical equipment to determine on a last shot made at the end of each period or extra period, whether the ball has or has not left the player's hand(s) within the playing time."
The piece was choreographed jointly between Jayne and Chris together with Graeme Murphy, Artistic Director with the Sydney Dance Company at the time. The costumes consisted of both Jayne and Chris wearing billowing orange/red trousers with brief top pieces adorned with India jewels. The piece consists of a tremendous amount of drawn-out lifts, twisting, intertwining, and even sitting and rolling on the ice to create a balletic piece which they describe at evoking Indian sculptures.
From the early 1900s Cowichan Bay attracted sportsmen from all over the British Empire for superb salmon fishing in the Bay and the Cowichan and Koksilah rivers. It was, for a time, the Salmon Capital of the World offering not just fishing, but fine sailing waters, an annual regatta and, next to Wimbledon, the oldest grass tennis courts in the world.
It is also the basis for the design of the subsequent Avalon Hill game, Victory in the Pacific.
Davidson, W.H. (1947) An account of the life of William Davidson, otherwise John Godsman, of Banffshire and Aberdeenshire in Scotland and Miramichi in British North America. Publ. New Brunswick Museum, Historical Studies No. 6.
Adam Shand is a visual effects operations manager and advocate of community wireless networks.
On April 30, 2015, Hall was killed in a head-on car collision after he traveled the wrong way on Interstate 95 near Branford, Connecticut.
In 2004 Rasted released the spoken word album Lazyboy TV under the name Lazyboy - released in 15 countries. The album contained 3 single hits: "Facts of Life", "Inhale Positivity" and "Underwear Goes Inside the Pants" that went gold in Australia.
When the match starts, Jones and Hagen each play well in their distinctive ways, but the disengaged Junuh plays poorly and is far behind after the first round. With Bagger caddying for him and giving advice, Junuh rediscovers his "authentic swing" in the second round and makes up some ground. In the third round, he closes the gap even more, hitting a hole in one in the process. Junuh and Adele also find their romance rekindling.
An interactor is a part of an organism that natural selection acts upon. Interactors are the individual evolutionary paths which are subject to real-life interactions, such as phenotype and the outward traits most affected by natural selection. In this way the interactor interacts with the environment in a way which creates differential reproduction.
On August 4, 2014, Mad Money was first broadcast in full 1080i HD, resulting in the removal of the sidebar that was seen on all of CNBC's other trading-day programming, until the sidebar itself was permanently removed altogether on October 13, 2014.  The NBC presentation displays the native widescreen HD picture, albeit with the CNBC Ticker space still filled in with gray windowboxing.
While mostly used in dialogue, eye dialect may appear in the narrative depiction of altered spelling made by a character (such as in a letter or diary entry), generally used to more overtly depict characters who are poorly educated or semi-literate.
In late 1999, Steve Winn, a loyal VBBS supporter and script writer, began to help revive the dying software. He and other loyal supporters began to rekindle interest in the software. A support site was born and from it grew AspectNet, a support network.
Janssens studied under Jan Snellinck and was registered as a pupil in the local Guild of Saint Luke in 1585.  He travelled to Italy where he resided mainly in Rome between 1597 and 1602.  After returning to his home country he became a master in the Antwerp Guild in 1602.
Breathers are solitonic structures. There are two types of breathers: standing or traveling ones. Standing breathers correspond to localized solutions whose amplitude vary in time (they are sometimes called oscillons). A necessary condition for the existence of breathers in discrete lattices is that the breather main frequency and all its multipliers are located outside of the phonon spectrum of the lattice.
Benoit became owner of Tab Benoit's Lagniappe Music Cafe, situated in the downtown district of Houma, Louisiana. 
...SNOW AND BLOWING SNOW ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL NOON
In 1989 Reiss returned to Texas to study creative writing at the University of Houston, under the guidance of professor Donald Barthelme. When Barthelme died in summer 1989, Reiss left Texas and traveled to Germany in order to begin researching his family history, and became fascinated by the rapidly changing political and social context in East Germany after the Berlin Wall fell. In order to effectively search documents and communicate with German citizens, he taught himself the German language.
Resolved: That the United States federal government should significantly change its agricultural policy.
On May 19, 2007, Spinks moved up one weight class to Middleweight with a challenge against World Middleweight Champion Jermain Taylor at the FedEx Forum in Memphis.  Taylor held on to the title, defeating Spinks in a split decision.
In 1778, he and Joseph Brant, a Mohawk chief, led a company of Tories and Indians in the raid that culminated in the Cherry Valley Massacre. He has been blamed for the deaths of the many women and children that were killed on that occasion. He fought in the Battle of Johnstown and was killed on October 30, 1781, while retreating back to Canada in a skirmish with rebel troops (2nd Albany County Militia Regiment) and the Tryon County militia under Marinus Willett in the Mohawk Valley.
Due to climate fluctuation or change, some permafrost regions may develop an unfrozen layer between the seasonally thawing/freezing active layer and the permafrost. The layer is called supra-permafrost (above the permafrost) talik; it is different from traditional taliks, which are usually associated with water bodies, in that supra-permafrost talik occurs because the ground that thawed in the summer does not completely refreeze in the winter. Calculations show that climate warming would induce supra-permafrost taliks in intermediately cold regions (in very cold regions, warming simply induces a deeper summer thaw without forming the talik layer; while in warm, shallow permafrost regions, permafrost quickly disappears). This type of taliks has recently been observed in Russia. With time and continued increase in air temperature or snow depth, this talik layer will become thicker and thicker and the deep permafrost layer would eventually disappear. Findings from a scientific study suggest occurrence of open taliks within areas of fault zones and those influenced by large rivers.
The Mayor's Award for Excellence in Science and Technology is given annually to recognise important members of the science and engineering communities in New York City. Candidates must live or work in the city.
According to local historian, Hassan bin Muhammad, the area used to be known as Rantau Panjang. In around 1511, a Bendahara of Malacca, Bendahara Tepok and his troops were retreating to Johor after the fall of Melaka to the invading Portuguese forces led by Afonso de Albuquerque. The Bendahara and his troops stopped and rested by a river in the area and drank water from the river. After the drink, the Bendahara exclaimed, "Segar amat!" (Malay: "Very refreshing!"), and named the river Segar Amat, in which over time evolved into Segamat. The name Segamat was initially applied only to the river, whereas the settlement nearby was still called Rantau Panjang. The town assumed the river's name only at the turn of the 20th century.
TMI was founded in 1893 by the Rt Revd James Steptoe Johnston, DD, Second Bishop of West Texas in the Protestant Episcopal Church.  Johnston was a native Mississippian of the planter class who had participated in twelve engagements in the Civil War.  He fought most of these battles with the Eleventh Mississippi Regiment.
An exhibition of works created at Penland was held at the Mint Museum.
This grouping system is adapted from Australian Fancy Pigeons National Book of Standards. Consideration was given to the new UK standards book which followed the German and European grouping. This version differs slightly from that of the European grouping; the following system is arbitrary and used solely for organizing breed articles until a grouping can be accepted worldwide.
Both max-product and sum-product belief propagation have been used to optimize protein design.
Neal retired on March 2, 2011 after filing his retirement papers with the league.
Bruce Beresford had wanted to make a film out of Brian Moore's novel ever since it was first published. The rights had been acquired by Canada's Alliance Communications who had signed another director. That person fell out, as did another director, before the job was given to Beresford. Beresford:
The scandal created by Terence Francis MacCarthy has left their futures uncertain. He inserted himself into the pedigree of the Sliocht Cormaic of Dunguile, the senior surviving sept of the MacCarthy dynasty, who still await recognition from the Irish government following the scandal.
Libraries were private or created at the behest of an individual. Julius Caesar, for example, wanted to establish one in Rome, proving that libraries were signs of political prestige.
James Gerard Roche (born December 16, 1939) was the 20th Secretary of the Air Force, serving from January 20, 2001 to January 20, 2005.  Prior to serving as secretary, Roche served in the United States Navy for 23 years, and as an executive with Northrop Grumman.
Mid Airlines is a charter airline based in Khartoum, Sudan. It operates domestic passenger services. Its main base is Khartoum International Airport.
Please see here for Dr. Andrew Whinston's Academic Genealogy Tree.
Since founding the Gap in 1969, Fisher and his wife Doris began collecting contemporary Western art.  In 1993, ARTnews Magazine declared Fisher one of the top ten art collectors in the world.  His collection, largely housed at the Gap headquarters in San Francisco, includes comprehensive, career-spanning works by Andy Warhol, Alexander Calder and Roy Lichtenstein, Ellsworth Kelly, Gerhard Richter, Anselm Kiefer, Chuck Close, and Claes Oldenburg and Coosje van Bruggen.
In a multi-stage compressor, at the high pressure stages, axial velocity is very small. Stalling value decreases with a small deviation from the design point causing stall near the hub and tip regions whose size increases with decreasing flow rates. They grow larger at very low flow rate and affect the entire blade height. Delivery pressure significantly drops with large stalling which can lead to flow reversal. The stage efficiency drops with higher losses.
Brown's image is characterised by a clown-like stage costume consisting of a flying helmet and goggles, a multicoloured patchwork jacket and trousers, a white shirt, a red bow tie and moccasin slippers. A typical stand-up show starts with Brown dancing to the audience chanting, "You fat bastard!" Brown then approaches the microphone and says, "Fuck off!" or, "How did you know it was fucking me?!" This heckling occasionally continues during his act.
The Star Chamber was a notorious English court of law.
Bags are also made with carrying handles, hanging holes, tape attachments, or security features.  Some bags have provisions for easy and controlled opening. Reclosable features, including press-to-seal zipper strips, are common for kitchen bags bought empty and for some foods. Some bags are sealed for tamper-evident capability, including some where the press-to-reseal feature becomes accessible only when a perforated outer seal is torn away.
The bodies of the six youths were buried on the grounds of Chapultepec Park. On March 5, 1947, a few months before the 100th anniversary of the Battle of Chapultepec, U.S. President Harry S. Truman placed a wreath at the monument and stood for a few moments of silent reverence. Asked by American reporters why he had gone to the monument, Truman said, "Brave men don't belong to any one country. I respect bravery wherever I see it." In 1947 their remains were found and identified and, on 27 September 1952, were re-interred at the Monument to the Heroic Cadets in Chapultepec.
Plastic deformation induces a residual compressive stress in a peened surface, along with tensile stress in the interior. Surface compressive stresses confer resistance to metal fatigue and to some forms of stress corrosion. The tensile stresses deep in the part are not as problematic as tensile stresses on the surface because cracks are less likely to start in the interior.
Gilbert Walker was an established applied mathematician at the University of Cambridge when he became director-general of observatories in India in 1904. While there, he studied the characteristics of the Indian Ocean monsoon, the failure of whose rains had brought severe famine to the country in 1899. Analyzing vast amounts of weather data from India and the rest of the world, over the next fifteen years he published the first descriptions of the great seesaw oscillation of atmospheric pressure between the Indian and Pacific Ocean, and its correlation to temperature and rainfall patterns across much of the Earth's tropical regions, including India.  He also worked with the Indian Meteorological Department especially in linking the monsoon with Southern Oscillation phenomenon. He was made a Companion of the Order of the Star of India in 1911.
One of the problems of the early game was to find a way to draw a random number. Initially, winning numbers were set by the daily outcome of a random drawing of numbered balls, or by spinning a "policy wheel", at the headquarters of the local numbers ring. The daily outcomes were publicized by being posted after the draw at the headquarters, and were often "fixed". The existence of rigged games, used to cheat players and drive competitors out of business, later led to the use of the last three numbers in the published daily balance of the United States Treasury.
''Hits Of The Sixties: The Million Sellers'' - By Demitri Coryton and Joseph Murrells (pg 100).
Umbro was the official sports manufacturer of the English FA Cup and official sponsor of The FA, being the exclusive supplier of balls to the body's leagues.
By its posterior surface with the capsule of the hip joint, and with the obturator externus and adductor brevis, the obturator artery and vein being interposed.
During the height of the Industrial Revolution, up to 20,000 tons of limestone was quarried annually. Local industrialisation was considerable at this time, as the district had become highly industrialised in the heyday of the Black Country's industrial past. When quarrying officially finished in 1925, the site was abandoned.
A native of New York City, John Waters entered the motion picture industry in its formative years.  Only a few of his assistant director credits from the 1910s have been recorded, with vehicles for Carlyle Blackwell (The Shadow of a Doubt, 1916) and Harold Lockwood (The Avenging Trail, 1917) listed among the earliest titles.  During this initial phase of his career, he was billed on at least two occasions as John S. Waters and on at least one occasion as Johnnie Waters.
Tovell, Freeman. ''At the Far Reaches of Empire: The Life of Juan Francisco de La Bodega y Quadra'' (2009)..435pp; the standard scholarly biography
PAL Airlines (formerly Provincial Airlines) is a regional airline with headquarters at St. John's International Airport in St John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. PAL operates scheduled passenger, cargo, air ambulance and charter services. PAL  is the commercial airline arm of the PAL Group of Companies. In addition to its head office, it also has offices in Halifax, Nova Scotia (Halifax Stanfield International Airport) and Happy Valley-Goose Bay (CFB Goose Bay). PAL is the largest regional airline operator in Eastern Canada.
The Doctor's Dilemma was first produced on 20 November 1906 at the Royal Court Theatre.
Once recovered, during mid-November Lelyushenko was placed in charge of 30th Army, still in front of Moscow. The Germans were held at bay during further extremely difficult fighting but by December 1 the Soviets were in a position to plan a strong winter counteroffensive.  Lelyushenko commanded part of this operation, launched during full darkness on December 5 and drove his men, specifically the 371st Rifle Division, forward, as usual from an advanced position near the fighting.
Cooper was educated at vocational school, and was a rubber worker at Uniroyal Goodrich for 17 years. He served as steward of United Rubber Workers Local 667.
While this term is similar to terrorism and asymmetric warfare, it is much narrower. Classical insurgencies and the Indian Wars are examples of pre-modern wars, not 4GW. Fourth generation warfare usually has the insurgency group or non-state side trying to implement their own government or reestablish an old government over the one currently running the territory. The blurring of lines between state and non-state is further complicated in a democracy by the power of the media.
In 1992, Strong starred in the short-lived CBS sitcom Scorch. She spent the following decade playing recurring and guest starring roles in many dramatic and comedic shows. From 1996 to 1998, she appeared as Elaine's nemesis Sue Ellen Mischke, the "bra-less wonder" and "Oh Henry!" candy bar heiress, on several episodes of NBC sitcom, Seinfeld. She also had the recurring roles on Party of Five, 7th Heaven and Everwood, and guest starred on 3rd Rock from the Sun, ER, Picket Fences, Silk Stalkings, Dawson's Creek, Any Day Now, Ally McBeal, CSI: Crime Scene Investigation and Nip/Tuck. From 1998 to 2000, she played Sally Sasser, the nemesis of Felicity Huffman's Dana Whitaker, in the ABC comedy-drama,  Sports Night. In early 2004, she starred as wealthy Arlene Ridgeway in The WB short-lived sitcom, The Help.
In 1994, Farnan was one of twelve NDP members to vote against Bill 167, a bill extending financial benefits to same-sex partners. Premier Bob Rae allowed a free vote on the bill which allowed members of his party to vote with their conscience.
Sokrates Starynkiewicz was born December 18, 1820 in Taganrog at the Azov Sea, to the family of Ivan Starynkiewicz, a bank owner. In 1836 he joined the Imperial Russian army and graduated from several engineering and artillery schools. After promotion to officer rank he served in various staff posts. Among others, he took part in the Hungarian Campaign and Crimean War, for which he was promoted to colonel in 1858. In 1863, during the January Uprising he was retired. Soon afterwards he was promoted to major general and assigned to the Russian Ministry of Interior. Between 1868 and 1871 he was briefly the military governor of Kherson, but he left that post and became the governor of Prince Anatoliy Demidov's estates near Kiev and in Podolia.
Piana began his career in France for Troyes AC in Ligue 1. 
In 1936, King was host of the Flying Red Horse Tavern on CBS radio. 
In 2016, she was awarded the title of the cultural ambassador of the Italian city of Bergamo, being the first Chinese artist being awarded such a prize in Italy.
The Gnevyshev-Ohl rule is an empirical rule according to which the sum of sunspot numbers over an odd cycle exceeds that of the preceding even cycle. The rule breaks down under certain conditions. 
Many properties of the Turing jump operator are discussed in the article on Turing degrees.
There are a large number of items of artistic and architectural significance in the religious and domestic life of Indian Christians. Altars, statues, pulpits, crosses, bells and belfries of churches along with other household items are among the many things that form part of the sacred art of the Indian Christians. Church art and architecture of Kerala from the beginning of Christian presence in the region have been greatly influenced by those of other nations and religions as they have been influenced by Kerala's wealth of artistic and architectural traditions.
Some Turkmen were hostile to the idea of one Turkestani language for all Central Asians proposed by the Jadidists. Some Turkmen were against the Turkestani identity promoted by the Jadid and the Chagatai based Turkestani speech promoted by the Jadid. Alyshbeg Aliev, Muhammetgulu Atabaev and Muhammetgylych Bichare Nizami were among the Jadidist Turkmens while Bukhara and Tashkent were the centers of Jadidist activity. The policy of deliberately encouraging the neglect of culture and economy of the Muslims was implemented by the Russian government and struggled against by the Jadid. Turar Ryskulov, a Kazakh, was a Jadidist. Muhammad Geldiev, a Jadidist, was an influence on the formulation of literary Turkmen whose genesis was tasked to a commission in 1921. The creation of accurate historical narrative was desired by the Jadidists.
The show's theme song featured lyrics by series creator Tom Ruegger and music by composer John Debney also bore a similarity to the "Intro Song" from Little Shop of Horrors, which had recently been adapted into a successful feature film. The music is almost always in a 1950s rock and roll style, possibly to indicate their younger age, as the original show took place in 1969.
Amsterdam made a bid for the 1952 Olympic Games (summer games) but was unsuccessful.  The games went to Helsinki.
In the OSI model, FLIP occupies layer 3, thus replacing IP, but it also obviates the need for a transport-level protocol like TCP.
After the death of the Scipio brothers, Tarraco was 25-year-old Scipio Africanus's (son of Publius) winter base between 211 and 210, and where he met the tribes of Hispania in conventus. The population was largely loyal to the Romans during the war. Livy called them allies and friends of the Roman people (socii et amici populi Romani) and the fishermen of Tarraco (piscatores Tarraconenses) served with their boats during the siege of Carthago Nova.
Fearless of man, the young especially being quite curious, they often wander around human camps and scavenge for scraps of food.  In 1845, Charles Darwin wrote:
Hirschbiegel directed the biographical film Diana, about Diana, Princess of Wales, which was released in September 2013. Actress Naomi Watts plays the title role.
After leaving the assembly, Linghu Chong and Ren Yingying see Lin Pingzhi brutally slaying members of the Qingcheng Sect to avenge his family, and overhear a conversation between him and Yue Lingshan (who has married Lin), in which Lin reveals that he and Yue Buqun have both mastered the Bixie Swordplay. Through this, Linghu Chong learns that his respected teacher is actually a hypocrite who plotted an elaborate scheme against Lin Pingzhi to seize the swordplay manual, and that both Yue and Lin have castrated themselves to fulfil the prerequisite for learning the Bixie Swordplay. Yue Buqun's wife and daughter die because of their respective husbands.
Tanjung Piai coastal mangrove is an internationally important Ramsar site. Under the Ramsar Convention, the government and relevant stakeholders have an obligation to ensure the mangrove ecosystem and its values are maintained. Erosion at the site needs to be minimized to safeguard the ecological integrity of the mangrove ecosystem. The root causes of the erosion need to be eliminated or reduced.
Participation in IODP was proportional to investment in the program.
In 2009, Judas Priest kicked off their 30th anniversary tour in the US by playing British Steel live in its entirety for the first time. The only other Judas Priest albums of which all the songs have been performed live are Defenders of the Faith and Rocka Rolla, but neither of them were played in the original LP running order or during the same tour (though the original US LP had a different running order than the UK version).
The Oyo Mesi does not enjoy an absolute power or influence, and while the Oyo Mesi may wield political influence, the Ogboni represented the popular opinion backed by the authority of religion, and therefore the view of the Oyo Mesi could be moderated by the Ogboni. And most interestingly, there are checks and balances on the power of the Alafin and the Oyo Mesi and thus no one is arrogated absolute power. The Ogboni was a very powerful secret society composed of freemen noted for their age, wisdom and importance in religious and political affairs. Its members enjoyed immense power over the common people due to their religious station. A testament to how widespread the institution was is the fact that there were Ogboni councils at nearly all sub-courts within Yorubaland.  Aside from their duties in respect to the worship of the earth, they were responsible for judging any case dealing with the spilling of blood. The leader of the Ogboni, the Oluwo, had the unqualified right of direct access to the Alaafin of Oyo on any matter.
Maurie I. Warren,  ''Moses and the Messenger: The Crisis of Black Radicalism, 1921-1922.'' Cambridge, MA: Harvard University, 1974. Bachelor's thesis.
Theakstons brewery was bought by Matthew Brown following disagreements between members of the family and other shareholders, and in 1987 Matthew Brown was in turn taken over by Scottish and Newcastle. Paul Theakston left in 1988, and after a hiatus of more than a year purchased the North Yorkshire Malt Roasting Company, originally part of the former Lightfoot's brewery site, from an animal feed company, in order to start a new brewery in Masham.
In February 2003, she conducted a world creation of Fabio Vacchi at the Maggio Musicale Fiorentino and in March 2004 she conducted the Copenhagen Philharmonic for the first time.
Quito, officially the Metropolitan District of Quito (Distrito Metropolitano de Quito), is a canton in the province of Pichincha, Ecuador.
A North Midlands region was first defined for the 1881 UK census.  It was defined as the entirety of Derbyshire, Leicestershire, Lincolnshire, Nottinghamshire and Rutland.  A new definition of the region appeared in 1939, for various government statistical purposes: Derbyshire without High Peak, Leicestershire, Lincolnshire, Nottinghamshire, Rutland and the Soke of Peterborough.  In 1942, High Peak was added, but it was removed again in 1946.  In 1962, it was merged into a new Midlands statistical region.
Mobali joined Foolad's senior team in 2000. He was considered to be the creative dynamo of the highly talented Foolad, based in Iran's oil-rich Khuzestan province. Mobali was the key member of his team during Foolad's Iran Pro League championship. Which also secured a berth in the AFC Champions League for the first time in club history.
The first half was controlled by both defenses.  Oakland got a big opportunity in the first quarter when they recovered a muffed punt by Lynn Swann on the Steelers 41-yard line, but Mel Blount's deflection of a 3rd down pass by Ken Stabler forced them to settle for a 40-yard field goal from George Blanda.  Meanwhile, the Steelers managed to get close to the Oakland end zone twice, but each time they had to settle for Roy Gerela field goal attempts.  He missed his first one from 20 yards in the first quarter, but kicked a 23-yard field goal in the second to tie the game at 3 going into halftime.
In December 2006 the JDA presented an extensive and detailed proposal for electoral reform, to tackle Jersey's lack of political engagement among the general public.
After the player has set up all the dominoes, they will have a choice to either knock down all the dominoes or continue play in hopes of increasing the domino bonus value. After they have made the choice, they will move on to the next screen.
A disciplined bowling and fielding effort, conceding only five extras, was the key to Leicestershire Foxes' win at Grace Road. Nottinghamshire Outlaws won the toss and batted first, but after Nottinghamshire skipper Stephen Fleming found four boundaries in his twelve-ball 24, Jeremy Snape and Dinesh Mongia tied down the Nottinghamshire batsmen. Only Leicestershire seamer Darren Maddy, who bowled two overs for 33, gave the visitors' total score of 143 for 8 a glimmer of respect. The chase was close and exciting, however, as Leicestershire lost HD Ackerman and Maddy in succession to go to 16 for 2. At 103 for 5, things looked grim, but a crucial partnership between Paul Nixon and Ottis Gibson won them the game with four balls to spare.
Oliver started in amateur theatricals as an adolescent in Britain before pursuing a career as a jockey. However, he failed to gain an apprenticeship owing to his size. He joined the Merchant Navy at 16 and travelled the world, eventually settling in Sydney in 1956. In Australia he found work as a stockman, spending three years in this job, working his way around the country. He subsequently returned to the UK before beginning an overland trek across Asia to return to Australia. However, the journey was halted by illness and he returned to Britain where Oliver contacted Albert Finney who was then planning to produce the film Ned Kelly in Australia in 1963. Finney gave him a letter of introduction to an agency in Sydney and Oliver emigrated in 1963, later becoming an Australian citizen.
The entire Military Geology Unit wartime roster was 88 geologists, 11 soil scientists, 6 bibliographers, 5 engineers, three editors, one forester and 43 assisting staff. Most of the reports prepared by the Unit were prepared by teams made up mainly of geologists but commonly included soils scientists, botanists, climatologists, ad geographers. Nearly all of the soils scientists and climatologists were members of the US Department of Agriculture's Soil Conservation Service.
Jan Borysewicz and Janusz Panasewicz have been with the group since the beginning, and have maintained a specific and recognizable sound for the quintet. Most of the lead vocals are done by Panasewicz, and occasionally by Borysewicz.
Kong: Skull Island stars Tom Hiddleston, Brie Larson, Samuel L. Jackson, John Goodman, Corey Hawkins, Toby Kebbell, and Terry Notary as Kong. It is being written by Derek Connolly and directed by Jordan Vogt-Roberts. The film is being produced by Legendary Pictures and Warner Brothers.
''Tiferes Shmuel'' - Written by the third Aleksander Rebbe R' Shmuel Zvi Dancyger. (Lodz, 1923)
On January 4, 2013, Department of the Interior, the EPA, and Department of Energy, announced plans to jointly develop a plan for the future of the plant that maintains its energy, water, and economic benefits. The plan would outline short term investments in the plant to meet environmental goals, and long term plans for transitioning to cleaner energy options, such that short term and long term plans work together.
The  UK Supreme Court publishes on its own website the court's judgments after they have been handed down, together with the ICLR summary (or "headnote").
Steering Recirculating ball with speed-sensitive power assist and hydraulic damper. Steering wheel turns (lock-to-lock) 3.0.
Hydroxylammonium nitrate or hydroxylamine nitrate (HAN) is an inorganic compound with the chemical formula NH3OHNO3.  It is a salt derived from hydroxylamine and nitric acid.  In its pure form, it is a  colourless hygroscopic solid.  It has potential to be used as a rocket propellant either as a solution in monopropellants or bipropellants.
Burlison attended Southeast Missouri State University and earned his law degree from the University of Missouri.
Although his planned exhibition at the Wertheim gallery was cancelled on his death, a posthumous exhibitions was held in February 1931. This was followed by an exhibition at the Lefevre Gallery in 1932.
Experimental Manufacture of Wooden Implements with Tools of Flaked Stone.1968. Science 159(3812):426-428.
Like the perfective verbs, stative verbs were tenseless, and described a state without reference to time. This did not mean that stative verbs referred to permanent states (as in Spanish ser versus temporary estar), but rather that there was no way to express, within the verbal morphology, whether the state was applicable in the present moment, in the past, or in the future. These nuances were, presumably, expressed using adverbs.
The name "Pride of the Southland" was a group decision of the band members themselves, on the morning of October 15, 1949, as they stood around on the sidelines at Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama awaiting a chance to practice for the afternoon game. They were waiting for Alabama's Million Dollar Band, under the direction of "Colonel" Butler, to finish its practice. That afternoon as the band came out on the field and paused for introduction, for the first time "Presenting The University of Tennessee's Pride of the Southland Band under the direction of 'Major' Walter M. Ryba" was heard over the loudspeakers by the 44,000 fans present and listeners on the radio. It was generally felt that Ryba did not know ahead of time that he was receiving a "commission".
CocoRosie released their second album, Noah's Ark, in 2005. The album includes collaborations with Anohni from Antony and the Johnsons ("Beautiful Boyz"), Devendra Banhart ("Brazilian Sun"), and French rapper Spleen ("Bisounours"). The album was recorded in a variety of locations as the sisters traveled. The album's cover, a drawing by Bianca of three unicorns having sex while one of them vomits drops corresponding to the color spectrum, was selected by The Guardian and Pitchfork Media as one of the worst album covers of all time.
Soon following her separation from Portman, Vodianova began a relationship with Antoine Arnault, son of LVMH founder Bernard Arnault and the CEO of luxury brand Berluti. The couple's first son, Maxim, was born on 2 May 2014. She welcomed her 5th child and her second son with partner Antoine Arnault, named Roman  on 4 June 2016. 
Businesses use event-driven process chain diagrams to lay out business process workflows, originally in conjunction with SAP R/3 modeling, but now more widely. It is used by many companies for modeling, analyzing, and redesigning business processes. The Event-driven process chain method was developed within the framework of Architecture of Integrated Information Systems (ARIS). As such it forms the core technique for modeling in ARIS, which serves to link the different views in the so-called control view. To quote from a 2006 publication on Event-driven Process Chains: 
Mobilinux is based on open source and open standard technology, designed for scalability and maximized battery power usage for single-chip mobile phones. More than 35 million phones and other mobile devices run on Mobilinux, far more than any other commercial Linux.
QAD sells its products and services to companies in six main manufacturing industries: automotive, consumer products, high technology, food and beverage, industrial equipment and life sciences. As of December 2013, QAD software is in use at 5,300 manufacturing sites in more than 95 countries.
In 443 AD, the armies of Attila the Hun took this settlement and its associated fort, and this was presumably his last conquest of that campaign before turning around.
St. Patrick's High School (St. Pat's) was a non-denominational school centrally located on Quinpool Road in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada. Historically a Roman Catholic public school, St. Pat's opened in 1954 less than one block from its rival non-denominational public school, Queen Elizabeth High (QEH). St. Patrick's closed in 2007, merging with QEH to form Citadel High School. The school building was demolished in 2015.
The constituency was created under the Redistribution of Seats Act 1885 for the 1885 general election, and abolished for the 1918 general election. It was re-established for the February 1974 general election, replacing the former King's Lynn constituency.
Over the years Bihari tried to attract attention to his situation by various means. He organized his own funeral and demanded widow's compensation for his wife. In 1980 he added the word Mritak ('Dead') to his name and signed his letters "late Lal Bihari". He stood (unsuccessfully) for election against Rajiv Gandhi in 1989, to prove that he is alive. In 1994 he managed to have his official death annulled after a long legal struggle.
In societies based around agriculture, hunting, and other pursuits that involve human interaction with the natural world, time discipline is a matter governed by astronomical and biological factors.  Specific times of day or seasons of the year are defined by reference to these factors, and measured, to the extent that they need measuring, by observation.  Different peoples' needs with respect to these things mean sharply differing cultural perceptions of time.  For example, it surprises many non-Muslims that the Islamic calendar is entirely lunar and makes no reference at all to the seasons; the desert-dwelling Arabs who devised it were nomads rather than agriculturalists, and a calendar that made no reference to the seasons was no inconvenience for most of them.
Quilty played senior hockey for one season afterward for the North Sydney Victorias. In 1949-50, he joined the Ottawa RCAF Flyers for two seasons before joining the Ottawa Senators in the Quebec Senior Hockey League. Quilty would remain with the Senators until 1951-52 when he signed on with the Renfrew Millionaires of the East Coast Senior Hockey League. Johnny was named the MVP of the ECSHL that year before retiring.
The term bareback sex is used less frequently among heterosexuals. A survey by the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene found that heterosexual women are more likely to bareback when engaging in anal sex than homosexual and bisexual men are. Heterosexual bareback sex, as opposed to sex with condoms, poses an increased risk of STIs whether vaginally or anally, and an increased risk of pregnancy via penetration of the vagina.
Unique local cuisine includes white bread made with coconut milk, mango jam, conch meat, and crab.
A __gc designated class cannot implement an unmanaged interface.
Ships in the United States Navy have been named USS Turner for him.
He suffered from Parkinson's disease in later life, dying at age 69. He was survived by his second wife, and his three sons. He was succeeded in the barony by his eldest son, James Bethell, the 5th Baron Bethell.
In two unitary authorities the whole council were up for election and one had a third of the council up for election.
They are one of six bands who comprise the federally recognized Minnesota Chippewa Tribe, which was organized in 1934 under a new constitution. In July 2007, their enrolled members numbered 4,044.
For the West, there would be no recovery, as the last Western Emperor, Romulus Augustulus, was deposed in 476. In the East however, the classical naval tradition survived, and in the 6th century, a standing navy was reformed. The East Roman (Byzantine) navy would remain a formidable force in the Mediterranean until the 11th century.
James Chapman (born 1955) is an American novelist and publisher. He was raised in Bakersfield, California, has lived in New York City since 1978, and is the author of ten novels to date.
I was called shortly after 8 p.m. June 21, for deadhead equipment west, engine 8485, for 10.15 p.m., and left Kalamazoo, Michigan at 10.35 p.m. Had been up since 5 a.m., June 21, dead heading from my home in Jackson on Train No. 41, and had had little or no sleep during the day. Had had a couple of heavy meals before going out, realizing that I would not get anything more to eat until some time the next morning. Leaving Kalamazoo, followed freight train to Michigan City yard and stopped at signal near Center Street. Got proceed signal from some one on ground, pulled up to Michigan City, stopped at standpipe and took water. While following this freight train, we stopped first between Dowagiac and Pokagon on account signal at danger. Stopped again at Pokagon and Niles for same reason, this freight train being ahead.
Southern right whales and humpback whales frequent the area between July and October when they congregate to mate and calve in the protected waters of the sound. Other whales that have been spotted in the area include minke whales, blue whales, short-finned pilot whales, false killer whales and killer whales. Sperm whales were known to visit the sound during the whaling era but none have been sighted recently, although a pod was detected further out in the Southern Ocean in 2002.
In 2010, it was noted that about 16,000 vehicles pass the Salang tunnel daily. Other reports say that the tunnel was designed for 1,000 vehicles a day, but is now handling seven to ten thousand vehicles a day.
For the Soviet Union national team, Krutov won the 1981 Canada Cup, two golds (1984, 1988) and one silver (1980) in the Olympics, and six golds (1981, 1982, 1983, 1986, 1989, 1990), one silver (1987), and one bronze (1985) in the World Championships.
Chart placings shown are from the UK Indie Chart.
He took up the Russian-invented technique of decalcomania in 1936, using gouache spread thinly on a sheet of paper or other surface (glass has been used), which is then pressed onto another surface such as a canvas.
Studies using PET have come to the same conclusions regarding the use of the parahippocampal gyrus for prospective memory. The parahippocampal gyrus is activated in paired-associate prospective memory tasks, in which participants must learn a pair of words and be able to remember one half of the word pair in later trials. It is suspected that the parahippocampal gyrus is additionally involved in monitoring the novelty of presented stimuli. If not monitored properly, new stimuli can be distracting during attempts to remember intentions for the future.
In 1956 reservists celebrated their fifth anniversary at Brooks with the arrival of another aircraft, the C-119 Flying Boxcar transport. Four years later, the 433d Troop Carrier Wing moved to Kelly AFB. From the time the Reserve first established a wing at Brooks in 1951, whatever the numerical designation, the people of San Antonio have always referred to the unit as the Alamo Wing.
Mouseterpiece Theater is an American television show that ran on The Disney Channel that premiered on the channel's launch date on April 18, 1983, and continued with reruns into the 1990s. It was a parody of the PBS show Masterpiece Theatre, presenting classic Disney shorts instead of showing dramatic works. It used Fanfare-Rondeau, the Masterpiece Theatre theme, as well. George Plimpton hosted and gave commentary and background information before and after each cartoon. Each show tended to have a theme; Goofy's emergence as the staid everyman character for example. It usually ran later in the evenings.
Eventually Soviet officials allowed Vlasova to speak with U.S. representatives in a mobile lounge that was brought up to the plane.  She convinced them that she was not returning under coercion, and the plane took off with Vlasova on board.
In '''Good Measure''', two aces are taken out and placed on the foundations while the rest of the deck is shuffled and laid out in columns of five cards, resulting in 10 columns. Like in Baker's Dozen, Kings that are at the top or in the middle of their respective columns are placed at the bottom and the game proceeds in the process stated above.
Former police officer and Derek's ex-wife.
Announcements by the Speaker.
In September 2006, Sakhalin Energy briefly suspended construction work on its pipelines. Oleg Mitvol, the deputy chief of the Russian Federal Service for Natural Resources, had announced in early August 2006 that, according to his data, Sakhalin Energy failed to take all actions required to eliminate the danger of the mud flow.  This was supported by President Vladimir Putin.
9. ''Chet Morton and the Mystery at Tucks Cove''
The cause of these environmental issues are, toxic contamination, eutrophication (low oxygen due to excess nutrients), and near shore habitat changes." The Puget Sound has been affected by urbanization and the toxic pollutants they produce. As a government document regarding this issue says, "A major contributor of these toxic pollutants entering the Sound is the stormwater that runs off our highways, roads, driveways, roofs, parking lots, disturbed soils, and other developed surfaces." They also talk about the loss of habitat. In the last 125 years, the Puget Sound has lost or damaged 70 percent of their habitats including the  salt marshes, eelgrass beds and the estuaries.
The content of the codex is mainly ritual in nature, and one side of the codex contains the patron deities and associated rituals for a cycle of thirteen k'atuns (a 20-year Maya calendrical cycle). One fragment contains animals that represent astronomical signs along the ecliptic including a scorpion and a peccary; fragments of this Maya "zodiac" are depicted on two pages of the codex. Some pages of the codex are marked with annotations made with Latin characters.
The locale of Herman began as a railroad stop with the post office being called Bellefield. The name of the railroad stop was changed to Herman by Francis John Borgman, who owned a lumber mill and also ran the post office at this railroad stop which was right at his house, after his son John Allen Borgman had a baby boy named Herman in 1898.
After the discovery of Karlsson's formula, a statistic on a large number of quasars and "compact galaxies" allowed a precise computation of Karlsson's constant, the value of which is found by pure, standard spectroscopy.
She was raised speaking German and Persian, and she is also fluent in French and English.
Woody appeared in 200 episodes of Cheers between 1985 and 1993.  He also made a guest appearance on Frasier in the episode "The Show Where Woody Shows Up" and on The Simpsons episode "Fear of Flying".
In 1983 he made his first appearance as PC Jim Carver in "Woodentop", which became the pilot episode for The Bill. He was one of four actors in "Woodentop" who returned in the series' first complete season. He played Jim Carver in around 780 episodes, from 1984 until his departure in 2005. Jim Carver was central to several major plotlines on The Bill, including the character's struggles with alcoholism, gambling and as a victim of domestic violence.  Wingett made a brief return in March 2007 to coincide with the departure of Trudie Goodwin, then the only other remaining original cast member.
Veles is a city of poetry, culture, history and tradition, as well as a town with plentiful and precious cultural heritage and centuries old churches.
Assisted the team by training them, but it is not clear if they officially joined the team.
In 1938, Germany began development of Brand-Briesen Airfield for the Luftwaffe. The Red Army overran the site in May 1945, and occupied the site after World War II, adding a second runway and nuclear-resistant command and control facilities for the fighter aircraft regiment.
To get to the Sahara it is necessary to travel over the Atlas Mountains. Along the way Palin visits Fez and sees the old-fashioned way to dye leather. Then in Marrakesh, he visits the souk (market). In the mountains near Marrakesh Palin visits a Berber village, experiencing a "courtship dance". Before leaving the mountains he passes through Ait Benhaddou, an old town used as the location for many movies.
In 2011, Adem collaborated with folk music group Lau to create the Ghosts EP under the name Lau vs Adem.
Cockatoos are not wholly migratory, but they do exhibit regular seasonal movements in different parts of Australia. In the northern parts of the Northern Territory, they largely leave areas of high humidity in the summer wet season. In other parts of the country cockatoo seasonal movements tend to follow food sources, a pattern recorded in Northern Queensland, and New South Wales. In southwest Western Australia, both extant subspecies appear to have a north-south pattern; northwards after breeding in the case of subspecies naso, while movements by subspecies samueli in the wheatbelt can be irregular and unrelated to the seasons.Clear
Killing of a negro boy and beating Ben Callahan; gang taking Callahan boots, money and saddle. 
He graduated from Brien McMahon High School, where he was a self-described geology nerd. He was Homecoming King, captain of the tennis team, and was voted "best looking" and "favorite actor" by his high school class (although he was not in the drama club). He went on to attend Columbia University, from where he graduated in 2002 with a degree in film.
The distinctions between songs and instrumentals which contain vocals are deliberately blurred, particularly on the track "How Many Worlds": "There's just enough voice in there to make you hear it as a song, making it a bluff, a deceit."
Herbert Haseltine died in Paris, in 1962. He was buried at the Protestant Cemetery Caius Cestius in Rome, where are also the graves of his parents, of his brothers Stanley Lane, Charles Marshall and his sister Mildred princess Rospigliosi.
Cello Concerto in G minor, Op. 32
Although the XP-59A provided valuable experience to the USAAF in the operation of jet-powered aircraft, it was basically a flying testbed and not a combat-capable aircraft. The USAAF had to look elsewhere in its search for an effective jet fighter.   The first flight of the Lockheed XP-80 took place on 8 January 1944 with test pilot Milo Burcham at the controls. The XP-80 was eventually transferred to the 412th Fighter Group for tactical evaluation.
Furlong, Monica. ''Merton: A Biography'', Liguori, MO: Ligouri Publications, New Edition 1995.
Affective forecasting, otherwise known as intuition or the prediction of emotion, also impacts attitude change. Research suggests that predicting emotions is an important component of decision making, in addition to the cognitive processes. How we feel about an outcome may override purely cognitive rationales.
Rick Rizzs (born November 17, 1953) is an American sportscaster and is the lead radio voice for Major League Baseball's Seattle Mariners.
He served on the Atlanta city council numerous times and served as mayor shortly before his death at age 66. His son Clark Howell took up his mantel at the Constitution.
On 2 February 2003, following the promotion of Brian Kerr to the position of Republic of Ireland team manager, Bonner was named as technical director of the Football Association of Ireland (FAI). He previously held the role of the senior squad's goalkeeping coach in the organisation. In addition, he has worked as a football presenter with TV3.
Distribution to Madagascar. East of Belo sur Tsiribihina.
The Code regulated the social conditions, behavior, and punishments of slaves in early medieval Spain.  The marriage of slaves and free or freed people was prohibited.  Book III, title II, iii ("Where a Freeborn Woman Marries the Slave of Another or a Freeborn Man the Female Slave of Another") stipulates that if a free woman marries another person's slave, the couple is to be separated and given 100 lashes.  Furthermore, if the woman refuses to leave the slave, then she becomes the property of the slave's master.  Likewise, any children born to the couple would follow the father's condition and be slaves.
Foundation for Polish Science also offers different kinds of scientific grants for distinguished scholars, both Polish citizens and foreigners.
TCC ranks among the top 30 colleges nationally in granting education degrees. In fall 2005, TCC had 940 education majors. 
Children's Creativity Museum (formerly Zeum) is an innovative art and technology experience for children ages 2-12 years located in Yerba Buena Gardens, in San Francisco, California.  The mission of the museum is to nurture creativity and collaboration in all children and families. http://creativity.org/about/. The Children's Creativity Museum is well known for its hands-on workshops and exhibits which allow youth to produce their own media through various interactive, creative processes: Stop Motion Animation, Robot Coding, Music Video Production, Design Challenges, Art Projects, and more. The Children's Creativity Museum is a nonprofit 501(c)(3), community-based organization.
Nikolay Karamzin's 1793 prose "Sierra-Morena", where the Russian writer tells of a love story between the author and young Elvira, is also dedicated to the mountain range. 
Mongrel Nation is a 3-part series made in 2003 and hosted by Eddie Izzard on the Discovery Channel, examining the ethnic origins of the English.
Twinning can often be a problem in X-ray crystallography, as a twinned crystal does not produce a simple diffraction pattern.
The Poppers note that periodic disasters such as the Dust Bowl and continuing significant population loss over the last 80 years show the area is not sustainable for small-scale farming.  They note that the rural Plains has lost a third of its population since 1920.  Several hundred thousand square miles of the Great Plains have fewer than 6 persons per square mile.  This was the population density standard of settlement which historian Frederick Jackson Turner used in his "Frontier Thesis" to declare the American Frontier "closed" in 1893.  Large areas have fewer than 2 persons per square mile.  The Poppers demonstrated that the number of "frontier counties" increased by 14 between 1980 and 2000, mostly on the Plains, and noted that there are more than 6,000 ghost towns in the State of Kansas alone (according to Kansas historian Daniel Fitzgerald).  They claim that the decline in population on the plains is accelerating.
During the intro, the game explains that a virus has infected the world's computer systems. Slap and his dog Stick (who has been sucked into his TV) must carry an antidote to the central computer to fix it. To this end, Slap and Stick must traverse a grid of levels, pushing buttons to advance.
This Apology Project is not to be confused with the Apology Project of Elliniko Teatro, a theatrical production based on Plato's The Apology of Socrates, featuring Yannis Simonides (see http://www.ellinikotheatro.org.)
Atkinson's management then decided that although Daimler and Guy were publicly offering Gardner-engined double-deckers, and some influential (mainly Scottish) customers could purchase AEC Regents with that make of engine, they would also enter this market. Thus at the 1954 Earls' Court Commercial Motor Show two Atkinson double-deck buses were exhibited: one was a chassis, the other carried a 60-seat centre-entrance double-deck body by Northern Counties to the order of the Stalybridge, Hyde, Mossley and Dukinfield Joint Transport (and Electricity) Board. This bus (UMA370) is preserved by the Greater Manchester Transport Museum and is also of interest as the first double-deck bus with an electrically controlled direct-acting epicyclic gearbox, this Self-Changing Gears (SCG) unit was fitted by Atkinson after delivery but before entry into service as the SHMD board's drivers (who were used to pre-selective transmissions on the fleets' standard Daimlers) did not want to use the originally installed David Brown constant-mesh unit. The un-bodied exhibition chassis, which featured semi-automatic transmission, was dismantled around the same time. No further Atkinson double-deck bus chassis were built.
The following table is the tax bracket for trucks, or vehicles built with a load carrying section without seats and a single bench seat in the front of the vehicle in an enclosed passenger compartment.
George C. Denniston, Pia Grassivaro Gallo, Frederick Mansfield Hodges, Marilyn Fayre Milos, Franco Viviani, eds., ''Bodily Integrity and the Politics of Circumcision: Culture, Controversy, and Change'' (New York: Springer Science, 2006), ISBN 978-1-4020-4915-6
The Parliamentary constituency of Wansdyke covering a similar but not identical area was replaced at the 2010 general election, when it was split and merged into the North East Somerset and Kingswood constituencies.
Gastineau continues to successfully pursue modelling, which includes occasional magazine layouts.  She has appeared on the cover of Social Life magazine, and appearances in magazines such as L.A. Confidential and Life and Style. In 2008 at Fashion Week in NYC, she walked the runway for designer Tamara Pogosian, and was featured in a campaign for Ferrari California in Beverly Hills. She made small appearance in the movie Bruno where she was duped by the Sasha Cohen character into believing she was on a TV show when in fact, she was the victim of Cohen's role play.
The important festivals in Pathis are Kodiyettru Thirunal for eleven days, the Thiru Eadu Vasippu for seventeen days and the Vaikunda Avathara Dinam, the celebration for a couple of days during Ayya Vaikunda Avataram. The first two festivals are conducted in Pathis at different times once in a year while the Vaikunda Avatharam is celebrated simultaneously at all Pathis during Ayya Vaikunda Avataram. 
Historically it has been centre of various Islamic Universities during the period of Sultans.
Since the vrykolakas becomes more and more powerful if left alone, legends state that one should destroy its body. According to some accounts, this can only be done on Saturday, which is the only day when the vrykolakas rests in its grave (the same as with Bulgarian vampire legend) This may be done in various ways, the most common being exorcising, impaling, beheading, cutting into pieces, and especially cremating the suspected corpse, so that it may be freed from living death and its victims may be safe.
Outside the palace, Tigrane and Fraarte agree that Tiridate's monstrous tyranny must be stopped.
Sierra Nevada bighorn sheep (Ovis canadensis sierrae) is subspecies of bighorn sheep unique to the Sierra Nevada mountains of California. A 2016 genetics study confirmed significant divergence between the three subspecies of North America's bighorn sheep: Sierra Nevada bighorn sheep, Rocky Mountain bighorn sheep and desert bighorn sheep. Sierra Nevada bighorn sheep were listed as a federally endangered subspecies in 2000. Today, about 500 Sierra bighorn remain in the wild.
Chattopadhyay, G. 1965. ''Awakening in Bengal in Early Nineteenth Century'', Progressive Publishers, Calcutta.
In 1996, Mudvayne was formed. They initially had a different bass player. In 1997, still with their old bass player, Mudvayne released their first album, Kill, I Oughta. However, in 1998, after seeing Broken Altar live, Mudvayne asked Ryan to join their band. Although he was reluctant to leave Broken Altar at first, he joined Mudvayne upon realizing that they were serious about their band. Ryan became a cult bass player, getting positive critical acclaim for his unique style of playing, that "adds Mudvayne a whole new dimension".
The builder has one task. He provides a town with more workers, so it may develop more quickly. He also restores any buildings lost from looting at a faster rate than without a governor, allowing restoration of food/piety/workers back to the villages. His natural expertise also improves the durability of structures in battle, making walls and gates more difficult to destroy.
His personal feelings tend toward two women: his friend-turned-idol Japanese-Chinese girl Lynn Minmay, and Misa Hayase. While initially growing feelings for Minmay, he also begins to grow a fondness for Misa throughout the series. His inability to decide on his feelings or be forward with them eventually ends with him and Minmay growing apart and him and Misa having a complex relationship.
His first season in charge ended with a four-goal drubbing by Dublin in the opening round of the championship.
While plans for the permanent capital were being developed, Pennsylvania delegates continued to put forth effort to undermine the plan. The city began construction on a massive new Presidential palace on Ninth Street and an expansion to Congress Hall. Regardless of these efforts, the federal government relocated from Philadelphia for the final time on May 14, 1800.
In 2001 SEP published the Strategy for the Severn Estuary, which sets out a plan for the management of the estuary.
Kingsbury, Paul, "The Grand Ole Opry: History of Country Music. 70 Years of the Songs, the Stars and the Stories," Villard Books, Random House; Opryland USA, 1995
In addition to the occasions when both chambers of Consultative Council and Chamber of Deputies, that is the National Assembly, convene as a congress under the Constitution, the King may call such a meeting of his own initiative or at the request of the Prime Minister.
Pat The Barman: Played by Charlie Higson, Pat is the grumpy barman of the Siberian Khatru. He is constantly trying to serve his own brand of van-flattened Spatchcock.
In July 2011, Texas Governor Rick Perry signed into law a redistricting plan ("C185"), approved by the Texas legislature in June, which gave the 25th district a completely different geography for the 2012 elections, including part of Travis county, and stretching north as far as southern Tarrant County near Fort Worth.  The redistricting split Travis County into five districts, four of which were heavily Republican.  The only realistic place for Doggett to run was the new 35th district (which by weight of population is more of a San Antonio district than an Austin district).  There is a currently pending consolidated lawsuit against the proposed redistricting.
Shortly thereafter, Odhams Press absorbed both George Newnes and the Hulton Press. King saw an opportunity in this to rationalise the overcrowded women's magazine market, in which Fleetway and Newnes were the major competitors, and made a bid for Odhams on behalf of Fleetway that was too attractive to ignore. Fleetway took over Odhams in March 1961.
The common shrew is not an endangered species, but in Great Britain it, like other shrews, is protected from certain methods of killing by the Wildlife and Countryside Act of 1981.
The inclusion of fish vertebrae, jaw bones, teeth, and other informative skeletal elements improves prey identification and quantification over otolith analysis alone. This is especially true for fish species with fragile otoliths, but other distinctive bones, such as Atlantic mackerel (Scomber scombrus), and Atlantic herring (Clupea harengus).
Greg Travis (born July 31, 1958) is an American stand-up comedian and actor.
The literacy of the people is quite high due to presence of a National Vocational College in town since 1948.
Rules must be approved by at least eight members of the Committee, and submitted to the Lord Chancellor who may allow or disallow them. Where he decides to disallow, he must express his reasons for doing so in writing.
The ability to move faster than an opponent provides a form of crowd control, often through kiting.  Any modifier that decreases an opponent's speed will allow more efficient kiting.
Zimbabwe became a full member of the International Cricket Council (ICC) on 6 July 1992, thereby gaining the right to play Test matches. It had previously become an associate member of the ICC on 21 July 1981, a year after the country's internationally recognised independence. Before this, Rhodesia had competed in the South African Currie Cup domestic competition. Since joining the ICC, Zimbabwe have had seven Test captains, fourteen One Day International captains and two Twenty20 captains, along with a number of youth captains.
At the time of the film's release, Rudolph Valentino was attempting to make a comeback in films. He rose to international stardom after the release of The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse and The Sheik in 1921, both of which were box office hits and solidified his image as "the Great Lover". By 1924, however, Valentino's popularity had begun to wane after he appeared in two box office failures, Monsieur Beaucaire and A Sainted Devil, both of which featured him in roles that were a departure from his "Great Lover" image. He also squabbled over money with Famous Players-Lasky, the studio he was signed to, which eventually led to him walking out on his contract. Famous Players-Lasky eventually released Valentino from his contract and he signed with United Artists in 1925.  In an effort to capitalize on the success that Valentino had achieved with The Sheik, United Artists' president Joseph M. Schenck bought the rights to Edith Maude Hull's novel Son of the Sheik and cast Valentino in the dual role of father and son.
New enhanced Play-by-Play and Color Commentary.
As of January 2016, the weather forecasts are no longer shown on the lower band of the CNBC ticker.
Processed milled rice by Rice Mills are usually brought/sold to Cotabato City, Davao City and in some parts of South Cotabato. Milled rice produced by "Kiskisan/Baby Cono" were usually for households consumption by residents of barangays.
Key: The hammer indicates which team had the last stone in the first end.
Civic virtues have historically taught as a matter of chief concern in nations under republican forms of government, and societies with cities. When final decisions on public matters are made by a monarch, it is the monarch's virtues which influence those decisions. When a broader class of people become the decision-makers, it is then their virtues which characterize the types of decisions made. This form of decision-making is considered superior in determining what best protects the interests of the majority. Aristocratic oligarchies may also develop traditions of public lists of virtues they believe appropriate in the governing class, but these virtues differ significantly from those generally identified under the category of civic virtue, stressing martial courage over commercial honesty. Constitutions became important in defining the public virtue of republics and constitutional monarchies. The earliest forms of constitutional development can be seen in late medieval Germany (see Communalism before 1800) and in the Dutch and English revolts of the 16th and 17th centuries.
Nevertheless, it was on the tombs of the dead that the marks acquired a sense of personal significance. It became common and accepted to have one's mark carved onto one's tombstone.
Mason-MacFarlane was also awarded the French Croix de guerre and mentioned in despatches during the First World War.
"Helfer" is also a surname seen throughout Europe and the United States. Tricia Helfer is probably the most well known person with the surname. She is a Canadian born actress that has appeared in many films and shows. Another notable bearer of the Helfer surname is James Helfer, who currently resides in Bristol, England.
Iodine supplementation is used for the treatment of fibrocystic breast disease but there is only weak evidence it helps relieve pain.
Terang has one platform. It is serviced by V/Line Warrnambool line services.
The Miami Dolphins appeared in three consecutive Super Bowls (VI, VII, and VIII), winning the last two.
On December 20, 2007, WDVW switched directions to adult top 40 for its second go-round, this time as "Mix 92.3." The station has dropped most of the Dance fare in favor of current Hot AC product, with recurrents from the 1980s and 1990s and a modern-leaning direction. The station never produced impressive ratings, and given New Orleans' reception toward Hot AC/Adult Top 40 in the past, most notably WLTS, this format has never performed well in this market.
CIFG was rated Withdrawn, Withdrawn and Withdrawn by Moody's, Standard and Poor's and Fitch, respectively.
During the academic year many cultural and artistic events take place involving both students and staff, adding life to the Campus.
In March 2014, Cerberus Capital Management (which also owns rival grocery chain Albertsons) agreed to terms to purchase Vons' parent, Safeway. Cerberus' plans to merge the chains would likely result in store closures, especially with both Vons and Albertsons having a significant presence in Southern California. In late 2014, the FTC mandated that the new Albertson's/Safeway merger sell off almost 200 stores to allow for sufficient competition in markets where both Safeway and Albertson's stores had existed in price rivalry. One of the key buyers was Bellingham, Washington-based Haggen grocers which rebranded the newly purchased stores in Washington, Oregon, California, Arizona, and Nevada in early 2015 only to closed the affected stores just months later after Haggen was forced into bankruptcy as a result of purchasing the new stores.
Data damage can be caused when, for example, a file is written to a sector on the drive that has been damaged. This is the most common cause in a failing drive, meaning that data needs to be reconstructed to become readable. Corrupted documents can be recovered by several software methods or by manually reconstructing the document using a hex editor.
In 1943, whilst Corbett was wheelchair bound recovering from typhus fever, his close friend (R.E. Hawkins) and manager of India's branch of Oxford Press convinced him to write a book for publishing. Using the 1935 Jungle Stories as a basis, Corbett wrote Man-Eaters of Kumaon (10 stories) which was first published by Oxford University Press in 1944.
of the National Basketball Association (NBA). Ellis entered the 2005 NBA draft directly after graduating from Lanier High School in Jackson, Mississippi, where he was drafted with the 40th overall pick by the Golden State Warriors. He was traded from Golden State to the Milwaukee Bucks in 2012 where he played one full season before signing with the Dallas Mavericks in 2013. He became a free agent in 2015 before signing with the Pacers.
In the late '90s, CBMW published articles and papers critical of Gender-Neutral Bible translations.  CBMW has drawn Christian media attention by expressing concerns about such translations.  The organization's thoughts on Bible translations have had influence upon Southern Baptists, Focus on the Family, and other evangelical organizations.
''Der Sozialismus und die Intellektuellen''. Vienna 1910
Segura is a recurring protagonist in the works of directors Alex de la Iglesia and Guillermo del Toro.
This is a partial list of night markets in Taiwan sorted by location.
Elmsley House was destroyed by fire in 1862.  Its site is now an office building at 880 Bay Street (Government of Ontario Building).
Into the Blue was released on VHS and DVD-Video on December 26, 2005 and on Blu-Ray on August 15, 2006.
He was finally arrested in 1940 and imprisoned in the German concentration camp Auschwitz.  He was later transported to a prison in Katowice, where he was tortured and murdered.
Sprague was born in Spring Lake, Michigan, and began racing street stock cars at local short tracks. After winning the track championships at Thunderbird Raceway and later Winston Raceway, Sprague began racing in the NASCAR Winston Racing Series, in its North Carolina Late Model Division competition. He won the Big Ten Championship at Concord Motorsports Park, and won more than 30 Late Model Races. Eventually, he won the NASCAR Winston Racing Series championship at Concord Motorsports Park.
Gray, Charlotte, (2006) ''"Reluctant Genius: The Passionate Life and Inventive Mind of Alexander Graham Bell"'', HarperCollins, Toronto, 2006, ISBN 0-00-200676-6, ISBN 978-0-00-200676-7 IBO: 621.385092;
Clark appeared in Prayer for My Enemy, a new play by Craig Lucas Off-Broadway at Playwrights Horizons from November 14, 2008 through December 21, 2008. The play concerned the consequences that the Iraq war has had on an American family, co-starred Michelle Pawk and Jonathan Groff, and was directed by Bartlett Sher.
Patient education has also proved to be helpful in treating LKS.  Teaching them sign language is a helpful means of communication and if the child was able to read and write before the onset of LKS, that is extremely helpful too.
Green, William. ''War Planes of the Second World War: Volume Five Flying Boats''. Macdonald, 1968. ISBN 0-356-01449-5.
It soon became a procedure for the princess mother to use her own money to purchase items for poor villages during her increasingly frequent upcountry visits. These gifts included tee-shirts, towels, multipurpose "pha khao ma" cloth, and stationery for schoolteachers; school uniforms and stationery for schoolchildren; and pha khao ma, sarongs, needles and thread, medicine, tinned food, and dried foodstuffs for villagers. Children received toys suitable for their ages.
Toronto Fire Department began using motorized vehicles after 1910. Before that, the TFD and previous fire companies used horse drawn engines and ladders. Prior to the 1970s, the TFD had open air vehicles (driver cab not covered and mostly aerial trucks), but since then both the TFD and TFS use full covered vehicles. Prior to the 1950s, TFD used tiller-ladder trucks and since have reverted to smaller aerial units that can operate in narrow streets in Toronto.
The Abermule train collision on 26 January 1921 killed 17 passengers, including the Cambrian Railways chairman, Lord Herbert Vane-Tempest of Machynlleth.
In India, the federal laws defines misrepresentation under "Misconception Of Fact". This is dealt with under the Indian Penal Code in Section 90, which states:
Most SCRs require tuning to properly perform.  Part of tuning involves ensuring a proper distribution of ammonia in the gas stream and uniform gas velocity through the catalyst.  Without tuning, SCRs can exhibit inefficient NOx reduction along with excessive ammonia slip due to not utilizing the catalyst surface area effectively.  Another facet of tuning involves determining the proper ammonia flow for all process conditions. Ammonia flow is in general controlled based on NOx measurements taken from the gas stream or preexisting performance curves from an engine manufacturer (in the case of gas turbines and reciprocating engines).  Typically, all future operating conditions must be known beforehand to properly design and tune an SCR system.
Fall Creek empties into Cayuga Lake through Stewart Park. Stewart Park is also the location of the Cascadilla Boat Club's boathouse. The Fuertes Bird Sanctuary sits at the southern end of the park, and it is bordered on the west by the City of Ithaca's municipal golf course.
Monte Carlo in the Principality of Monaco is Campagna's sister city.
The Mountain Lantern lasted for only a short period until 1915. A yearbook was again issued in 1920, and the name was changed to the Yonahian.  The odd-sounding name was derived from nearby Mount Yonah. Since 1920, the Yonahian has been published every year and provides a general record of students and faculty over the years.
When St. Louis returned to her home port of 32nd Street Naval Station San Diego, CA she received an overhaul and then changed home port to Sasebo, Japan where she remained doing Humanitarian Aid missions until she was decommissioned in 1992.
2000 Olympics: "Who's That Creepin'?/Daddy-O" - Big Bad Voodoo Daddy / Hipster Daddy-O and the Handgrenades
Because of their rarity on Earth, and the difficulty of obtaining more, Moon rocks have been frequent targets of theft and vandalism, and many have gone missing or were stolen.
There are three fare control areas on the full width mezzanine above the platforms and tracks. The full-time booth is near the east end of the station and is closest to the southern staircase going up to 71st Avenue and Queens Boulevard. One of the part-time booths is in the same area in the middle of the mezzanine and is closest to 108th Street and 71st Avenue. The other part-time booth is at the west end by 70th Road and Queens Blvd and has only one street stair. There are seven staircases to each platform.
In ancient Indian texts, a temple is a place for Tirtha - pilgrimage. It is a sacred site whose ambience and design attempts to symbolically condense the ideal tenets of Hindu way of life. All the cosmic elements that create and sustain life are present in a Hindu temple - from fire to water, from images of nature to deities, from the feminine to the masculine, from the fleeting sounds and incense smells to the eternal nothingness yet universality at the core of the temple.
Konami Krazy Racers received mostly positive reviews.
Most copies of the United Artists album list the title as "I Cry Instead" by mistake.
Gosford, then Woy Woy, Berowra, Asquith, Hornsby, Gordon, Chatswood, then all stations to Milsons Point, then Wymyard, Town Hall, Central, Redfern (every 30 minutes) then..:
In 2007, another 3 wide finish between Travis Kvapil, Johnny Benson, and Jack Sprague who won the race; the margin of victory was 0.031 seconds (second closest finish). Sprague was the third driver to win from the pole.
Emily Jane Mercer Nairne (born 1974) married Dominic Robertson, has issue - three daughters.
Once settled in the United States, Quinten and Gibbons worked together on the film RoboCop 2 (in which he played a reporter), and had one daughter, Lexi Quinten. The couple divorced in 1991. Quinten married Paula Holmes in 1992, but they are now separated.
Upon reaching the top division he had kachikoshi winning records for four consecutive tournaments, being promoted to san'yaku at the rank of komusubi before the March 2005 basho (sumo tournament). At the rank of komusubi, he made his first makekoshi (losing tournament) record, and was demoted to maegashira again before returning to the higher rank of komusubi after a strong 10-5 record in May.
Phillip married the love of his life, Beth Raines in 1991. Phillip's wedding to Beth is also considered to be memorable, in that it featured one of the show's most popular couples to finally say their "I do's." The couple's first dance as man and wife was to Lionel Richie's 1982 debut solo "Truly," which is also remembered as the song Phillip and Beth danced to at their high school prom where they were named king and queen. In later years, Beth had already given birth to a healthy baby girl named Lizzie Spaulding and together she and Phillip left Springfield. They were happy offscreen for quite a while and Phillip returned to Springfield in 1994 to find out who framed him for a number of criminal acts. Phillip moved on with Harley Cooper, but Beth returned.  She and Phillip tried to reconnect, but eventually the marriage failed because of the time apart.  They separated in 1995.  Beth continued to try to separate Phillip from his attachment to Harley, but their divorce was finalized in 1997 after Beth coaxed Lizzie into trying to interfere with Phillip's newfound happiness.
At the China Open, she lost her opening match to Anabel Medina Garrigues. However, she teamed up with Medina Garrigues to clinch the doubles title, defeating the Chinese duo of Han Xinyun and Xu Yi-Fan. It was Wozniacki's first WTA doubles title. At the Tier III AIG Japan Open Tennis Championships, she was the top seed for the first time on the WTA Tour, and she won her third career title, defeating Kaia Kanepi of Estonia in the final.
Manuel Aeschlimann becomes adviser to Nicolas Sarkozy in July 2005 after having established and chaired the committee for monitoring public opinion on the UMP. As such he warns the UMP, through surveys focused on a possible failure to win the referendum on the European constitution.
Jim Ross and Jerry Lawler are the commentators. CM Punk was the guest commentator for the first televised match.
He was exchanged that November and returned to the ranks, commanding two companies of the cavalry at Bird's Point, Missouri, from December until the spring of 1862, when he was assigned command of a battalion of the 1st Illinois Cavalry in southern Missouri, where his men protected supply lines to the army of General Samuel Curtis operating in Arkansas. In mid-1863, Jenkins became the lieutenant colonel and later the colonel of the 14th Illinois Cavalry, a regiment which he helped recruit and train.
The Riverdogs is a rock band, founded in Los Angeles in 1989.
In April 2006, it was announced that Cassidy would take a break from EastEnders, saying "it's time to try new things. But it doesn't mean Sonia won't be back". A BBC spokesperson added, "Natalie is a valued member of the EastEnders cast and we wish her all the very best during her break from the show". Sonia departed on screen in February 2007, along with her former husband Martin, as his actor, James Alexandrou, also left the serial. Their departing storyline was the culmination of the death of Pauline Fowler, following actress Wendy Richard's high-profile resignation from the serial in 2006. In the storyline, Pauline dies in suspicious circumstances and Sonia is blamed for killing her, although Sonia is eventually vindicated when Pauline's husband Joe Macer (Ray Brooks) admits to manslaughter. Sonia and Martin and their daughter Rebecca leave Walford as a united family for the United States. In 2010, Cassidy said one of the reasons she decided to leave the show was because of Sonia's affair with Naomi Julien (Petra Letang), saying it was wrong for the character.
Created in 1984, The Jockey Club Research Foundation was joined along with the Grayson Foundation, established in 1940 by George D. Widener, Jr., William Woodward, Sr. and John Hay Whitney, amongst others. It is now known as the Grayson-Jockey Club Research Foundation Inc.
This novel is notable as several of her earlier characters reappear in this book. In addition to Ariadne Oliver, Major Despard and his wife Rhoda (who met and fell in love in Cards on the Table) also participate in the plot. Mrs Dane Calthrop from The Moving Finger also reappears in approximately the same role as she played in that book: the rational but devoted Christian who wants the evil stopped.
Cronay is first mentioned in 1142 as ''Crosnai''.
Independent sources do not include demographic breakdown by sex for private schools. 
A member of SAG-AFTRA and one of its two predecessors, the Screen Actors Guild, since 1987, Bilas has appeared in national television commercials and the feature-length movie I Come in Peace (also known as Dark Angel) starring Dolph Lundgren and Brian Benben. Bilas also appeared in an episode of the TV series The White Shadow. He is also the author of a book, Toughness.
He began to paint portraits while still a boy, studied painting in Boston under Chester Harding, learned a little about modelling, and in 1836-1839 spent his summers working as a railroad engineer to earn enough to enable him to study further.
Cross has been critical of several pop music acts in his standup comedy, notably Creed and lead singer, Scott Stapp.  On his 2004 album, "It's Not Funny" Cross referred to Creed as, "the third-worst band in history," and maligned the group's pop sensibilities for being too ubiquitous, suggesting that Stapp hung around "10th grade girls' locker rooms" to find inspiration for his song lyrics.  Cross then goes on to relate an anecdote about meeting Stapp at a taping of Celebrity Poker Showdown in 2003.  According to Cross, Stapp was not originally scheduled to appear on the show, but was called in as a last minute replacement when another celebrity canceled.  Cross wasn't informed of this until he was in the makeup chair, and became somewhat nervous that a confrontation would take place since he had, "said the most awful shit about that guy (Stapp) on stage and in print."  According to Cross, as the taping was preparing to commence, he approached Stapp and extended his hand saying, "Hey, Scott, David Cross."  Stapp's response as they shook hands, according to Cross, was to lean in and sarcastically intone, "Thanks for the words," to which Cross merely replied, "Well, you know..." suggesting that he stood by his inflammatory remarks and in no way felt they were unjustified.
Cornwell's film roles include Santa Claus: The Movie (as Mrs. Claus) and Mad Cows. On television she has appeared in Dixon of Dock Green, Cakes and Ale, Bergerac, Doctor Who (the episode Paradise Towers), several episodes of Farrington of the F.O., The Famous Five, The Bill, Heartbeat, Miss Marple and Midsomer Murders. She also appeared on radio as WREN Cornwell in The Navy Lark. Judy also appeared in BBC soap opera EastEnders as Queenie Trott, the mean tyrant mother of lovable loser Heather Trott. In 1987, she appeared as the English spinster Lady Rosemary Tuttle in the episode 'Rumpole and the Official Secret' from Season 4 of Rumpole of the Bailey. She is best known, however, for her portrayal of lovable working class housewife Daisy in the popular sitcom Keeping Up Appearances, which ran from 1990 to 1995. She also appeared in the new series of Birds of a Feather as a sister shopping in a supermarket in episode 8.
Seven volumes spanning the first 20 episodes (only the first of which was identical to its U.S. counterpart) were released in Australia. The episodes were placed in chronological order. Each volume had three episodes apart from Volume 7, which had two ("Face Off", parts 1 and 2).
Israel's Labor Party and the New Movement-Meretz support gay rights, as did the now-defunct Shinui. Under Tzipi Livni, Kadima has reached out to the gay community. Other minor liberal or progressive political parties support a similar platform as well, including the Green Party and the Green Leaf Party. Officials from a number of parties, including Yael German of Yesh Atid, Limor Livnat of the ruling Likud-Beiteinu and openly gay Nitzan Horowitz of Meretz, backed same-sex marriage and pledged support for LGBT casuses. Representatives from other parties, including Hatnuah, Hadash and the Labor Party also pledged support. Minister Livnat, however, did state that getting the ruling Likud-Beiteinu to legislate same-sex marriage would be difficult due to differing opinions concerning the issue within the party, but promised to do her utmost to get her party behind the issue. On 22 October 2002, Meretz MK Uzi Even made history by becoming the first openly gay Member of Knesset. Three more openly gay Israelis - Nitzan Horowitz, Itzik Smuli, and Amir Ohana - have been elected to the Knesset since then.
In 1991 Ute Lemper participated in the Sanremo Music Festival with song The Photograph, written by Italian songwriter Enzo Jannacci.
Alfred Lion of Blue Note Records first heard Fuller playing with Miles Davis in the late 1950s, and featured him as a sideman on record dates led by Sonny Clark (Dial "S" for Sonny, Sonny's Crib) and John Coltrane (Blue Train). Fuller led four dates for Blue Note, though one of these, an album with Slide Hampton, was not issued for many years. Other sideman appearances over the next decade included work on albums under the leadership of Bud Powell, Jimmy Smith, Wayne Shorter, Lee Morgan and Joe Henderson (a former room mate at Wayne State University in 1956).
With the change in administrations, President James Madison replaced Mitchell in 1821 with John Crowell, who had previously served as a US Congressman from Alabama. That year, the Creek agreed to another land cession in order to raise money for needed food and supplies, as conditions were still difficult for them.
Of the various performance enhancing mechanical changes, most were applied to both the 3.4S and 3.8S at the same time. These were:
Foucault challenged the foundational aspects of Enlightenment humanism, as well as their strategic implications, arguing that they either produced counter-emancipatory results directly, or matched increased "freedom" with increased and disciplinary normatization.
The "primordial role" of Origen in interpreting Scripture was acknowledged by Pope Benedict XVI. Origen's methods were then learned by Ambrose of Milan, who towards the end of the 4th century taught them to Saint Augustine, thereby introducing them into the monastic traditions of the Western Church thereafter.
The Norwegian Linguist Georg Morgenstierne wrote that Chitral is the area of the greatest linguistic diversity in the world. Although Khowar is the predominant language of Chitral, more than ten other languages are spoken here. These include Kalasha-mun, Palula, Dameli, Gawar-Bati, Nuristani, Yidgha, Burushaski, Gujar, Wakhi, Kyrgyz, and Pashto. Since many of these languages have no written form, letters are usually written in Urdu or Pashto.
The Lotus 17 was Chapman's answer to the Lola Mk 1, which by late 1958, was beating the venerable (but by then a good few years old) Eleven with monotonous regularity.  The Lola was smaller and lighter than the Eleven, and so Chapman's riposte was even smaller, even lighter, even more aerodynamic.
No. 4. ''The New Downing Street'' (15 April 1850)
In 1913, Gertz graduated from the Gimnazjum Kuzienkowej in Warsaw. While still at school Gertz had joined the then illegal Girl Guides, belonging to the 4th Troop "Emilia Plater". After the beginning of World War I in 1914, she joined the Konfederacji Polskiej, an independent morale-raising organization. Gertz delivered propaganda leaflets and made clothes for prisoners of war. She then joined the 4th Warsaw Battalion, but in August 1915 when the Battalion joined the 1st Brigade of the Polish Legion, women were prohibited from serving in the front lines.
The implementation of delegation is new in XACML 3.0. The delegation mechanism is used to support decentralized administration of access policies. It allows an authority (delegator) to delegate all or parts of its own authority or someone else's authority to another user (delegate) without any need to involve modification of the root policy.
The Kaddish Symphony now is often narrated by Samuel Pisar, who wrote a new text for it describing his experience with the Holocaust, when all of his family suffered, and most perished. Pisar wrote this version of the text for the Kaddish Symphony "in memory of Leonard Bernstein, a beloved friend."
In 1878 Colonne had met Tchaikovsky during the Russian composer's visit to Paris, and, as well as giving the local premiere of his 4th Symphony, remained in contact, which led to 'exchange' concert trips for Colonne in Russia.
Internet Content Rating Association (ICRA) was an international non-profit organization with offices in the United States and the United Kingdom. In October 2010, the ICRA rating system, and the organization, was discontinued.
"Sola y Triste"(Ft. Jonny) (Unreleased) (2007)
Hansson, Laura Marholm.  ''Six Modern Women:  Psychological Sketches.''  Trans. Hermione Ramsden.  Boston:  Roberts Brothers, 1896.
March 8, 1981: Doug Halward traded from Los Angeles to Vancouver for Vancouver's fifth round choice in 1982 Entry Draft.
Borisu is a Japanese avant-garde metal band. Currently, the band's personnel consists of drummer-vocalist Atsuo, bassist-guitarist-vocalist Takeshi, and guitarist-vocalist Wata.
But this plan never materialized, mainly because the Spanish crown lost control of the regular orders as soon as their friars set course to America.  Shielded by their apostolic privileges granted to convert natives into Catholicism, the missionaries only responded to their order local authorities, and never to that of the Spanish government or the secular bishops. The orders local authorities, in turn, only dealt with their own order and not with the Spanish crown.  Once a doctrine had been established, the protected their own economic interests, even against those of the King and thus, the doctrines became Indian towns that remains unaltered for the rest of the Spanish colony.
Umbelliferone's name is from the umbelliferae family of plants, and the plant family in turn was named for their umbrella-shaped inflorescences, each called an umbel.
He was born in Hull, England, the fifth child and third son of William Hey Dykes, a banker, by Elizabeth, daughter of Bacchus Huntington, a surgeon in Hull, and granddaughter of the Rev. William Huntington, Vicar of Kirk Ella. He was a younger brother of the poet and hymnist Eliza Alderson, and a cousin of the Rev. George Huntington. His father was the son of the Rev. Thomas Dykes, by Mary, daughter of William Hey.
As an employee-owned company Kantega has established a strong employee brand. The global newspaper Financial Times named Kantega on its 2007 and 2008 lists of the 100 Best Workplaces in Europe. In 2008 the employee-owned company was also recognized as the most family-friendly workplace in Norway.
Entire tracks and albums can be previewed prior to purchase.
Cornhill formed part of the marathon course of the 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games. The women's Olympic marathon took place on 5 August and the men's Olympic marathon on 12 August. The four Paralympic marathons were held on 9 September.
A pair of 1988 singles for Hilltop and City Beat Records landed Roney a contract with Atlantic Records, where he released two full-length solo albums: his debut I Gotta Habit in 1989 and Life in the Ghetto, in 1990. Both albums stayed on the Billboard 200 for numerous weeks.
As Gerry Anderson moved away from animation, Mitton became freelance.  He worked as assistant director to Ridley Scott on the famous Hovis commercials of the seventies in the United Kingdom and began directing animated television commercials himself.  In the mid-seventies, he established a company called Clearwater Films (later Clearwater Features), with former Thunderbirds director Ken Turner and American-born producer Robert D. Cardona.  The company soon gained a reputation for innovative stop-frame animated television commercials.  Clearwater produced two award-winning commercials, one for Hovis set in an orbiting space station and another for PG Tips tea bags.
''I don't think two people could have been happier than we have been.''
The film received mixed reviews. Amy Gough, writing in the Echo News, praised the film, stating Bad Eggs is a romp with enough plot and intrigue to keep you guessing if not laughing heartily. It has more pace and edge than Molloy's last film Crackerjack...as well as a great soundtrack. Scott Hamilton, for Pop-Planet, also liked the film, writing It is very entertaining to watch Mick Molloy, Bob Franklin and Judith Lucy, who obviously have a well-rehearsed rapport with each other, work off each other. 
Red Pepper is a daily tabloid newspaper in Uganda which began publication June 19, 2001. Deliberately mirroring the style of tabloids in other countries, the paper is known for its mix of sensationalism, scandal, and frequent nudity. The paper has roused the ire of the Ugandan government for revealing that former foreign minister James Wapakhabulo died of AIDS, and publishing conspiracy theories relating to the death of Sudanese vice-president John Garang in a helicopter crash.
The film received modest ratings when it premiered on American television, and was repeated in January 1981, as a tribute to John Lennon in the weeks after his murder. It later repeated on CBS, on The CBS Late Movie during the 1980s.
Another drought in the western Sahel was predicted by several organisations for 2011-12 by mid-2010.
Andrew Harding has posited that in Singapore it is Parliament, rather than the Constitution, which is supreme. This arises from the fact that the Constitution, which is supposed to be logically prior to the power of Parliament to legislate, was enacted by Parliament on 22 December 1965 through the Republic of Singapore Independence Act. As Parliament only got around to properly enacting a constitution on 22 December 1965, there was a hiatus between 9 August 1965 and that date, such that the legitimacy of laws passed between those dates can be questioned. Thus, the Grundnorm or basic norm of Singapore's legal system is Parliament rather than the Constitution.
Jorge Enrique Rubio is a Cuban trainer in the sport of boxing. Rubio was a trainer of the Cuban national amateur boxing team. Rubio trains numerous professional fighters in Miami, Florida, including Gil Reyes, Juan Arroyo (boxer), and Stacey Reile. Rubio was announced as Amir Khan's trainer on July 26, 2008. After Khan's disastrous first round KO defeat at the hands of relatively unknown Colombian Breidis Prescott, Khan and Rubio parted ways.
In addition, NPPD operates two wind generation facilities, nine hydroelectric facilities, nine diesel plants and three peaking units.
Renaud de Forez surrounded the town by walls and ditches during the reign of Philip II of France (1165-1223) .
If you're not shy, That's why...
He worked his way back from the injury to rejoin the Dodgers' bullpen in May 2007, but after a few appearances he suffered another serious arm injury and was lost for the rest of the 2007 season. After two serious injuries in a row, he opened the 2008 season in the minors with the Jacksonville Suns. He pitched well enough in the minors to earn a return to the Dodgers bullpen, and the Dodgers called him up on May 9. He appeared in two games with the Dodgers in 2008, allowing two earned runs in three innings while striking out three batters and walking three, before the Dodgers again optioned him to Las Vegas. On July 19, the Dodgers placed him on the disabled list for the rest of the season with another shoulder injury. He was released after the season but eventually re-signed to a minor league contract with an invitation to spring training. However, he was released again on March 19, 2009.
Dodds, Tracy - Ailing Quarterback Leads UCLA to 45-9 Win in Rose Bowl. Los Angeles Times, January 3, 1984
Between 2008 and 2010, the Torneo de las Naciones was played between the teams of Basque Country, Catalonia, and Galicia, and a foreign national team was invited. The following Autonomous Communities have played at least one friendly game:
Her nickname is "Thug".
There are 6 assembly constituencies in Aurangabad district.
On the U.S. release, "The Pearl (More Than Everything)" was replaced with "Tired of Waiting" from The Trews' previous album, House of Ill Fame.
In That Hideous Strength by C. S. Lewis, the Warden of Bracton College is given the nickname "Non-Olet" for having written "a monumental report on National Sanitation. The subject had, if anything, rather recommended him to the Progressive Element. They regarded it as a slap in the face for the dilettanti and Die-hards, who replied by christening their new Warden Non-Olet."
Two city-operated parks are in Meyerland. Meyerland Park, located at 5151 Jason, is classified as a neighborhood park.
Spotted by a Universal Studios talent scout while starring at the Stratford Shakespeare Festival in Canada in 1975, Macht was signed to a contract and by the mid 1970s had left teaching and was making frequent appearances in TV episodes and movies.
The local parish offers courses, such as ICT, for people within the village at the local Village Hall on the main road (A1033).
The regiment was originally part of the Dutch service and known as the Irish Regiment, or Viscount Clare's Regiment, under the command of Daniel O'Brien, 3rd Viscount Clare. In the following year the colonelcy passed to John Fenwick and the "Irish" designation was discontinued and the regiment was referred to as a "Holland Regiment".  The regiment was transferred to the British Service on 5 June 1685, establishing its order of precedence as the 5th Regiment of the Line. Like most other regiments, it was known by the names of the colonels who successively commanded it at the time until it became the 5th Regiment of Foot in 1751.
Thechanathu Thuvaraga pathi, Akilathirattu Akakkorvai.
The principal innovation of Roslin in regards to ornaments within canon tables is the addition of bust portraits. In the Gospel of 1262 (MS No. 2660), Eusebius and Carpianus are represented as full figures standing in the outer margins of the Letter of Eusebius. Roslin also represented prophets such as David, Moses and John the Baptist. This system was highly unusual for canon table decoration, for although portraits of prophets had been represented next to canon tables as early as the 6th-century Syriac Rabbula Gospels, their relationship to the gospels was not made explicit through the quotation of their messianic prophecies. New zoomorphic creatures are also added to the usual repertoire of winged sphinxes and sirens such as dog or goat headed men carrying branches of flowers along with various quadrupeds and birds. On the first page of each gospel and the beginning of pericopes floral as well as zoomorphic letters are formed utilizing peacocks or other creatures.
"Whether Gasparilla, the pirate, actually existed or not is a moot point. The legend exists, and that's what matters. The story of Gasparilla and his pirates has lent a certain flair of mystery and adventure to Florida's West Coast since the late 1800s. And on that legend, Ye Mystic Krewe of Gasparilla was founded 100 years ago.
It was established approximately 15 years after its sibling Devonport High School for Boys. The school moved to its current location which overlooks the Plymouth Argyle football ground, Home Park, on September 10, 1937.
The 5D can shoot up to 3 frames per second, with a buffer that can store  up to 60 frames in large JPEG mode, and up to 17 frames in RAW.
China advanced to the final round.
'''Lt Teevo'''(2007, 2011) - Communications expert and part of Major Crime Squad, he was the "new" Mr Crime's "mole" in the Police Department. After he was exposed as corrupt, he wounded Chief Patton and fled to Panda's headquarters where was killed by a man-eating plant. 
Shakespeare, a biographical and critical study of William Shakespeare by Anthony Burgess, was published in 1970. ISBN 0-7867-0972-3.
Ter Horst began modeling when she was nineteen, posing regularly as a Page 3 girl for two of Great Britain's best-known tabloids, The Sun and the Daily Star. She was voted sexiest model of the century in the Dutch edition of Playboy magazine. She has appeared on six Dutch Playboy covers and been featured in at least fifteen Playboy Special Editions, as well as in Penthouse, Perfect 10, and other softcore pornographic magazines.
First collection of Fables published in 1773, second collection in 1777, third collection in 1803, fourth in 1804, fifth in 1805. Final publication: Mille et une fables, in 1806
Apart from the girth measurements, all measurements were basically point measurements. This meant that the hull was often locally distorted to maximise or minimise a measurement locally, with minimal effect to the surrounding hull. This gave a characteristic bumped look to many boats, particularly at the point of maximum beam and in the stern. Also, as stability was only measured at very low heel angles (less than 5 degrees), boats were designed with a very narrow waterline and low stability in measurement trim, but a hull form that gained stability with the weight of the crew and other equipment, and with increasing angles of heel. Interestingly, low stability was encouraged (up to a point) because the initial assumption was that low stability indicated a well fitted out interior, and so more of a cruising boat than a stripped out racer.
Let M be an n-dimensional Riemannian manifold with first Betti number n, such that the map from M to its Jacobi torus has nonzero degree.  Then M satisfies the optimal stable systolic inequality
Mock explosive devices, such as thunderflashes were detonated near-simultaneously in subway trains and station platforms at four MRT stations (Dhoby Ghaut, Toa Payoh, Raffles Place and Marina Bay) and in a double decker bus at Toa Payoh Bus Interchange. A chemical agent attack was then simulated at Dhoby Ghaut at 6:45 am. An undetonated mock bomb was also placed at the Raffles Place. About 3,400 commuters who were on board the subway trains were evacuated during the drill. Services at 13 MRT stations were temporarily disrupted and roads within the vicinity were also closed to traffic. Shuttle buses were used to ferry commuters affected by the exercise.
He has written three books on Orson Welles: Orson Welles (1972), Orson Welles: Actor and Director (1977), and What Ever Happened to Orson Welles?: A Portrait of an Independent Career (2006). His two books on John Ford are John Ford (with Michael Wilmington, 1974) and Searching for John Ford (2001).
On 11 February 2007, SMRT Organized the SMRT Cram Jam! cum Learning Journey and Charity Bazaar to raise funds for the SMRT Silver Tribute Fund. The Cram Jam took place in the morning seeking an entry into the Singapore Book of Records by cramming people inside a standard Kawasaki C151 car (car used: 2027), a Mercedes O405G Hispano Habit bus (bus registered: TIB1202K) and a Ssangyong Rodius/Stavic MPV cab. The Singapore Police Force crammed 550 officers inside the train car, 235 staff from SMRT were crammed inside the bus and an amazing 44 Girl Guides Singapore cadets crammed themselves into the cab. Games, carnival food and a 90-minute tour around the Bishan Depot were organised.
This silence in the sources has led many historians to conclude that the relationship between Constantine and Minervina was informal and to assume her to have been an unofficial lover. However, Minervina may have already been dead by 307. A widowed Constantine would need no divorce.
The name Loch Mhabain is possibly a corruption of Loch Mhaol Bheinn ("Lake on the bare mountain"), or may mean "Loch of Mabon", an ancient Brythonic god, as the Roman name of the area was Locus Maponi, according to the Ravenna Cosmography. It has been inhabited since earliest times due to its strategic position on the routes from England to Scotland and Ireland, to the small lochs surrounding it and to the relatively fertile soil in the area. The first inhabitants may have lived in crannogs in the lochs.
Brown also re-recorded the song several times later in his career. On his 1972 album Get on the Good Foot, he did an upbeat long version, which lasted over twelve minutes. 1974's Hell included a salsa version of the song that featured Brown speaking in Spanish. For Brown's 1976 album Hot, he recorded a more solemn, ballad rendition, which featured male background vocalists in the quiet storm style of Barry White's music.
On 30 August 2013, Hammond joined Leicester City for an undisclosed fee, signing a two-year deal. Hammond scored his first goal for Leicester with a late, headed equaliser against Wigan Athletic on 1 April 2014, helping the Foxes extend their lead at the top of the Sky Bet Championship to seven points. Hammond played 29 times as Leicester won the Championship en route to promotion to the Premier League.
The city was first mentioned in 815 under the name "Wangun" in a monastery document.
The Minto Indoor Sports Centre is home to local basketball and netball teams. The Macarthur Heat plays in the New South Wales State Basketball League and uses the Centre as its home court. The Campbelltown District Netball Association, which is also based at the Centre, plays in the third division of the Netball NSW State League.
This Boolean arithmetic suffices to verify any equation of 2, including the axioms, by examining every possible assignment of 0s and 1s to each variable (see decision procedure).
After the bombing of Hiroshima, Cate, as historical officer of the Twentieth Air Force from June 1944, received a letter from President Harry S. Truman which provided a lengthy justification for the dropping of the first atomic bombs ever to be used in warfare, Little Boy and Fat Man.
The court ruled in favor of the EPA and denied the Bradley petition stating, " Thus, the record provides a sufficient foundation for the EPA's conclusion that an observed release of mercury occurred." The court also added "Given the highly technical issues involved in the Agency's decision to list a facility, this court gives significant deference to the EPA's determination. The judges cited from a ruling in Wisconsin challenging an EPA listing: "The importance of EPA's goals, including protecting human life from potentially disastrous contamination and the congressionally mandated need for speedy action," so that "it is not necessary that EPA's decisions as to what sites are included on the NPL be perfect, nor even that they be the best."
Marge is reading a book one night and wakes up Homer to ask if he thinks the romance has gone out of their marriage. Homer ignores her and tosses the book into the fireplace.
These species are native to the Mekong basin of Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam and Thailand. The fish can be found in vast standing waters of canals, rice paddies and floodplains. The species is listed as Vulnerable by the IUCN.
It can move up to five squares in one of the four orthogonal directions. (R5B2)
Reginald Barker retired to Pasadena, California where he and his wife operated a gift shop until his death from a heart attack in 1945. He is interred in the Inglewood Park Cemetery in Inglewood, California.
The 3480 tape format is a magnetic tape data storage format developed by IBM.  The tape is one half inch wide and is packaged in a 4"x5"x1" cartridge. The cartridge contains a single reel; the takeup reel is inside the tape drive.
At the 2003 World Amateur Boxing Championships in Bangkok, he won the gold medal beating future two-time champion Matvey Korobov (RUS) 19:10, Andy Lee (29:9), Lucian Bute (stoppage), Yordanis Despaigne in the semi-finals (29:26) and Oleg Mahskin in the finals.
The naval Battle of Hansan Island, also known as the Battle of Hansando, took place on July 8, 1592, near the Korean island of Hansan. Korean admiral Yi Sun-sin destroyed at least 47 Japanese ships, captured 12. This battle is also the first in Admiral Yi's 3rd Naval Campaign. The battle, one of the three great battles won by Joseon during the Imjin Waeran, carried great import, because Joseon's forces now came to dominate the southern seas. After Hansan-do Toyotomi Hideyoshi ordered the Japanese navy to avoid direct engagement with the Joseon navy and instead station itself in fortifications along the coast to defend important sea lands.
G. Birkerts received several awards for his architectural work, notably the Arnold V. Brunner Memorial Prize, Michigan Arts Award, awards by the Michigan Union of Architects, the American Union of Architects in Detroit and student organization Tau Sigma Delta.
The obverse was designed by Christian Gobrecht and sculpted by Joseph Menna.
The Auburn School for the Creative and Performing Arts (CAPA) is the 9th-12th grade portion of the district's K-12 CAPA specialized arts program. Auburn CAPA students can take academic coursework via regular, honors, or Academy courses while continuing training in visual arts, music, dance, and theatre through coursework and involvement in arts festivals, recitals, and a five-production theatre season.
The next day, two groups of Soviet emissaries appeared as expected. The first, belonging to the 3rd Ukrainian Front, arrived at 10:00 AM in the Budafok sector and was taken to the headquarters of General Wildenbruch. Their negotiating effort was a failure; Wildenbruch refused the surrender conditions and sent the Soviet agents back to the battlefield. While the emissaries were en route to their camps, the Germans suddenly opened fire, killing Captain I. A. Ostapenko.  Lieutenant N. F. Orlov and Sergeant Ye. T. Gorbatyuk quickly jumped into a trench and narrowly escaped. Due to heavy German fire, the Soviets were not able to retrieve Ostapenko's body until the night of 29 December. He was buried at Budafok with full military honors.
On April 29, 1996, Canal 1 reverted to RTP1.
It was adapted into an episode of CBS Storybreak in 1985.
Carburetor, carburettor, carburator, carburettor heat (usually abbreviated to 'carb heat') is a system used in automobile and piston-powered light aircraft engines to prevent or clear carburetor icing.  It consists of a moveable flap which draws hot air into the engine intake.  The air is drawn from the heat stove, a metal plate around the (very hot) exhaust manifold.
In 2001, he received a Centenary Medal for "service to Australian society through parliament". He was made a Member of the Order of Australia in 2016.
Even while he was dismantling the Swedish Empire, Peter continued to reform and refine his army. Russia's administration system at the time, the prikazy, was an antiquated, jumbled form of governance, with overlapping jurisdictions and lacking separation of powers. In 1717 he began replacing these instead with collegias, or "colleges", based on the Swedish model. As a rule Peter employed equal parts native Russians and foreign servitors. Unlike the prikazy they replaced, colleges could not make a decision without a consensus of their members, so-called "governance by board" that helped stifle wayward decisions as well as corruption. Among the first two colleges created were the College of War, which controlled the army and was led by Menshikov, and the Admiralty Board, which controlled the navy and was led by admiral Fyodor Apraksin.
In Federalist No. 78, Hamilton argued that "permanence in office," as enshrined in lifelong appointments, was the most important guarantee of the independence of the judiciary. In No. 79 he states that the other main guarantee of that independence is the provision in the proposed Constitution of the United States for the financial independence of judges. Hamilton also argues that the ability of Congress to impeach judges provides protection against their misconduct despite their relative independence.
The organization co-sponsored opinion polls conducted by the U.S. market research and opinion polling firm Zogby International that have shown substantial numbers of people believing the government did not tell the full truth about the September 11 attacks.
Harold didn't want his collection broken up and sold off after his death, as happens to many car collections.  In 1996, he began talking about opening a non-profit museum that would allow the public to see his collection and keep it all together.  He died before this dream could be realized, but his family remembered, and the LeMay -America's Car Museum and, later, The LeMay Family Collection were born.
Harry Harrison's To the Stars character: "Old Lundwall, who commands the Sverige, should have retired a decade ago, but he is still the best there is." Sam J Lundwall is a well-known Swedish science fiction publisher and writer, as well as the godfather of Harrison's daughter, and Sverige is the Swedish word for Sweden.
Fox initially made extensive use of the internet to promote Bones. Prior to the broadcast of the second season episode "The Glowing Bones in the Old Stone House", profiles of the characters involved in the episode were put up on their own MySpace web page. The blog entries of the characters were created to give insight into the potential suspects to be featured in the episode. In the episode, Brennan and her team uses clues from these web pages, which the viewers can also access.
After the Second World War, the tax system underwent a certain number of reforms aiming at modernizing and adapting it. The income tax was adapted and old contributions abolished. A family quotient was created in 1945. The business tax was created in 1948, reformed in 1959. Finally, the last significant innovation in technical terms, the VAT was introduced in 1954. Then the French example was adopted gradually in most developed countries.  The French tax system is currently controversial with the development of the European Union and globalization. Tax competition has risen sharply, and it becomes necessary to take into account the legal possibilities to avoid paying taxes (the practice of expatriation is legal, unlike tax evasion).
''On les a !'', spying novel
Charity fundraisers have been held at the club, including benefit nights for the Red Cross, USO,  Cops For Causes, Comics Without Borders, Wounded Warriors, Middle Eastern Comedy Fest, and Stand Up For Pakistan.
For mild cases limited to joint pain or arthritis, oral nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) may be used. Other treatments typically involve medications to suppress the immune system.  Corticosteroids are frequently used for more serious disease.  Steroid-sparing medications such as azathioprine or methotrexate may be used to minimize steroid doses and limit the side effects of steroids.  For severe disease cyclophosphamide is often given in addition to high dose intravenous steroids.
The United States competed at the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris, France.
The Myth is a 2005 Hong Kong martial arts-fantasy-adventure film directed by Stanley Tong, starring Jackie Chan, Tony Leung Ka-fai, Kim Hee-sun and Mallika Sherawat.
Although she originally intended to become an ophthalmologist, Farmiga attended Syracuse University's School of Visual and Performing Arts. In February 1996, she starred as Miranda in the American Conservatory Theater's production of The Tempest. She also performed in several productions as a member of The Barrow Group, a prestigious theater company in New York City, where her credits included Nina Zarechnaya in The Seagull (1996) and Anne in Good (1996). Farmiga made her Broadway debut alongside Ed Harris and Daniel Massey on October 17, 1996, as an understudy in the roles of Emmi Straube and Tamara Sachs for the Ronald Harwood play Taking Sides. Following these stage roles, Farmiga co-starred in the Hallmark Hall of Fame television Western film Rose Hill as Emily Elliot. The film, which aired on the CBS network on April 20, 1997, also featured Jennifer Garner and Justin Chambers.
In 2011 Lee began to offer a class in Band and Guitar Instruction again.
His father, George Lyon, was a Scottish captain in the British army, who settled in Richmond, Ontario. His oldest brother was George Byron Lyon, another mayor of Ottawa.
The station changed its callsign to WHRC on February 4, 1988. Two months later, it began broadcasting from a considerably improved broadcast facility in Brockton. Its 952,000-watt effective radiated power gave it fairly decent coverage of the southern fringe of Greater Boston, and it had also managed to get carriage on cable throughout the market. However, the antenna was somewhat heavier than normal, and the owners feared that the tower could not handle the weight of ice buildup should winter weather hit the area. As a result, the station was forced to go off the air in November while a new site was found.
West Finchley station on the LNER railway opened on 1 March 1933 and became part of the London Underground upon electrification on 14 April 1940.  Nether Street has one claim to fame as the childhood home of the actor Terry-Thomas who received some of his early education at Fernbank School in Hendon Lane.
In October 2007, Mayne launched The Mayne Reportspaced endasha daily videoblog and subscription newsletter that is focused on shareholder activism and corporate governance issues.
La del Cero 5 GB.
Late in January 2009 Home Depot announced the closing of all 5 YardBirds Stores along with the entire EXPO division. The closures were due to mismanagement by the new parent company. 
In 2009 Saunders was hired by the Baltimore Ravens to serve as the senior offensive assistant to John Harbaugh for two consecutive playoff seasons. Once again he helped design an offense that was among the NFL leaders and one of the best in franchise history led by QB Joe Flacco.
At the end of the 2003 NRL season, he went on the 2003 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain and France, helping Australia to victory over The Lions in what would be the last time the two nations contested an Ashes series.
In 1932, the home was handed over the Sisters of Social Service who eventually transformed the mansion from an orphanage to a residence for dependent high school girls. A fire in the mansion in 1940 brought considerable damage to the fourth floor.
In "Berenice", Poe was following the popular traditions of Gothic fiction, a genre well-followed by American and British readers for several decades. Poe, however, made his Gothic stories more sophisticated, dramatizing terror by using more realistic images. This story is one of Poe's most violent. As the narrator looks at the box which he may subconsciously know contains his cousin's teeth, he asks himself, "Why... did the hairs of my head erect themselves on end, and the blood of my body become congealed within my veins?" Poe does not actually include the scene where the teeth are pulled out. The reader also knows that Egaeus was in a trance-like state at the time, incapable of responding to evidence that his cousin was still alive as he committed the gruesome act. Additionally, the story emphasizes that all 32 of her teeth were removed.
His first drama, Columbus, or A World Discovered, 8vo, 1792, an historical play in five acts, founded in part upon  Les Incas  of Marmontel, was produced with success at Covent Garden, 1 December 1792, Holman playing the part of Alonzo.
"What one wants to do on finishing such a work as Dinner at the Homesick Restaurant is maintain balance, keep things intact for a stretch, stay under the spell as long as feasible....We're speaking, obviously, about an extremely beautiful book."
The center was founded in 1926 by Martha Graham. Its first headquarters consisted of a small dance studio on Broadway. The center later moved to a two-story building at 316 East 63rd Street, New York.
Leonard D. Rosenman, ''The Chirurgia of Roger Frugard'' (2002).
He was married to Doroth Oltman Haveman.
In 2006, a study of DNA sequences confirmed that Lepuropetalon and Parnassia form a strongly supported clade. This study also showed strong support for a pentatomy consisting of Pottingeria, Mortonia, Parnassiaceae, and two clades of genera from Celastraceae as that family had been circumscribed in APG II. The relationships between these five clades remain unresolved.
By the mid-eighties, Mbilia bel officially married Tabu Ley and was a refined and mature performer. Her songs continued to dominate the scene. Among them was "Mobali na ngai wana", which roughly translates to "This Husband of Mine". The song was composed by Tabu Ley and Roger Izeidi and is an adaptation of a traditional song in Kikongo. In the song, M'bilia Bel praises her husband as being handsome and successful and stresses the fact that even though he has the opportunity to choose from any of Kinshasa's beautiful women, he chose her. Other songs that blazed the charts during her reign in Afrisa included "Balle a terre", "Bameli soy" "ba gerants ya Mabala", "Keyna", "Cadence Mudanda", "Bafosami", Nakei Nairobi", "Ba jeux de Coin", "Paka Wewe", "Boya Ye", "Yamba Ngai" ShaWuri Yako"  "Beyanga", "La Beaute D'une Femme" and many more... 
Sa'ad ad-Din's tomb stood as a hallowed site for centuries in Zeila. It was visited by Richard Burton the explorer in 1854, who described it as "a mound of rough stones surrounding an upright pole" near the cemetery, decorated with "the remains of votive banquets, broken stones, dried garbage, and stones blackened by the fire" showing how he was "properly venerated" as the current favorite saint of Zeila. Trimingham notes that at the time he wrote his book (circa 1950), the tomb had been destroyed by the encroaching sea.
In 1896, The Studio confirmed Voysey's place in the decorative arts, writing "Now a 'Voysey wall-paper' sounds almost as familiar as a 'Morris chintz' or a 'Liberty silk'." Voysey also designed for Donegal Carpets and many other firms over a fifty-year career in design.
There are two Command insignia: Command at Sea and Command Ashore/Project Manager. Both are a command military badge of the United States Navy.
The Calgary Stampeders signed free agent quarterback, Doug Flutie in March. The CFL revoked the franchise of BC Lions owner Murray Pezim and assumed control of the team, when Pezim refused to pay off club bills, on August 27. After one month, Bill Comrie purchased the BC Lions franchise from the CFL on September 23.
Jamestown (originally James Town) was named after Sir James Fergusson, the Governor of South Australia when the town was surveyed in 1871. Its streets are all named for towns in his native Scotland.
At an ancient university the court is chaired by the rector, who ranks third after the chancellor and vice-chancellor, is elected by all the matriculated students of each university.  Members are also appointed by the general council, academic senate and local authority.
Sagar Division is an administrative geographical unit of Madhya Pradesh state of India. Sagar is the administrative headquarters of the division. Currently (2005), the division consists of districts of Chhatarpu, Damoh, Panna, Sagar, and Tikamgarh.
In the EC process the water-contaminant mixture separates into a floating layer, a mineral-rich flocculated sediment, and clear water. The floating layer is generally removed by means of an overflow weir or similar removal method. The aggregated flocculent mass settles either in the reaction vessel or in subsequent settling tanks due to gravitational force.
The time and distance registers are completely separate from each other, and each is controlled by a toggle switch, which is operated by the traffic officer.  To clock the patrol vehicle's speed (for instance, when the speed is matched with the violator's vehicle), both switches are operated simultaneously.  Most often, however, the TIME toggle is activated when the violator's vehicle passes an identifiable landmark (such as a signpost), and the DISTANCE toggle is activated when the patrol vehicle passes the same landmark.  When the violator passes a second landmark, the timer is stopped, and when the patrol vehicle passes that landmark, the distance measurement stops.  These two values are then compared by the digital computer, which displays the average speed over that distance.
Wildeman, Turney, Schnittker (2014) studied the effects of imprisonment on one's baseline level of well-being. They researched how being in jail affects one's level of happiness both short term (while in prison) and long term (after being released). They found that being in prison has negative effects on one's baseline well-being; in other words one's baseline of happiness is lower in prison than when not in prison. Once people were released from prison, they were able to bounce back to their previous level of happiness.
Raaj Kumar was confident that " She would live for all time to come."
Fellgiebel was promoted lieutenant colonel in 1933, and became a full colonel (Oberst) the following year. By 1938, he was a major general. That year, he was appointed Chief of the Army's Signal Establishment and Chief of the Wehrmacht's communications liaison to the Supreme Command (OKW). Fellgiebel became General der Nachrichtentruppe (General of the Communications Troops) on 1 August 1940.
Penny was appointed a Freeman of the City of London, and an Officer (1st Class) of the Most Honourable Order of the Crown of Johor. He was Master of Honourable Company of Master Mariners from 1941 to 1945. He was knighted in 1929, created a Baronet, of Singapore and of Kingston-upon-Thames in the
On May 24, 2007, Zuckerberg announced Facebook Platform, a development platform for programmers to create social applications within Facebook. Within weeks, many applications had been built and some already had millions of users. It grew to more than 800,000 developers around the world building applications for Facebook Platform.
Let us first consider a case of ostensive definition in a public language. Jim and Jenny might one day decide to call some particular tree T; but the next day misremember which tree it was they named. In this ordinary language case, it makes sense to ask questions such as "is this the tree we named T yesterday?" and make statements such as "This is not the tree we named T yesterday". So one can appeal to other parts of the form of life, perhaps arguing: "this is the only Oak in the forest; T was an oak; therefore this is T".
Economically Jinhua has always prospered from its position as the regional collecting and processing center for agricultural and forestry products (chiefly rice and bamboo). It is currently the second most important grain producing area in Zhejiang. In 1985 Jinhua was promoted to City status, and now is responsible for administering four cities, four counties and a district. Animals raised there include dairy cattle, meat hogs (for the production of Jinhua ham, a famous local product for 900 years) and honeybees. Jinhua's industrial sector has developed more recently, producing machinery, metallurgy, pharmaceuticals, building supplies and electrical and electronic equipment.
Cwmaman is a Communities First area, officially recognised as needing Welsh Assembly support to assist the community solve problems of social disadvantage.
Croaker had several stores, two schools, a church, and several houses by the early 20th century.  Some of the shopkeepers who established a presence before 1950 were members of the Garrett family.  Garrett's Grocery opened in 1909 and was run by five generations of the family until its closing on December 31, 2013.  Croaker General Store took over the building and opened up on May 25, 2015.
14. Fire Response Plan
There is a lighthouse on the slopes of narcondam, established 1983.
The court found that the NFL had not acquired or maintained its monopoly power unlawfully and that the refusal to expand to Memphis did not contribute to its maintenance.  It further elaborated that such refusal was actually procompetitive because it left the Memphis area open to rival leagues. By the time the lawsuit had settled, Bassett had gone on to found the Tampa Bay Bandits of the United States Football League, while Memphis received the Memphis Showboats of the same league. As such, the case effectively became moot. (Incidentally, the USFL would go on to file a much more famous antitrust suit against the NFL a few years later, which was also unsuccessful; ironically, Bassett was an outspoken opponent of that lawsuit.)
Raymond Slijngaard (born June 28, 1971) is a Dutch rapper and musician best known as the front person of the duo 2 Unlimited.
It was Adolf Hitler who, at the age of eighteen, successfully persuaded Kubizek's father to let his son go to the metropolis to attend the conservatory.  This, Kubizek wrote, changed the course of his life for good.
On 3 August 2015 the company announced that it had acquired the remaining 65 percent of Kelway Ltd., a London based multinational business with significant presence in the IT sector. Eight months earlier, CDW had bought a 35 percent stake in Kelway.
The multi-ethnic band was formed in 1990 and consisted of G "Suave" a rapper of Puerto Rican descent (who earlier had appeared on VHS entitled Ravenswood Nights freestyling over a beatbox with another rapper called King Sek), Darren "D-Smooth" Lolk (guitar), Money Mike (bass), Curtis "Mr." Watts (drums, keyboards, background vocals), Spank Dog (programming, scratches, background vocals), and Peter "Ajoe" Jorge  (programming, background vocals). While still a group, they opened for Ziggy Marley and KRS-One. They released a single album, Playing' Foolz  on the Epic Records label. The group's influences included hip-hop, alternative, funk, reggae, jazz, and metal.
The Diocese of La Crosse publishes a bi-weekly newspaper, The Catholic Times, which has approximately 29,000 subscribers.
In 1876, Burgess was appointed to a professorship in the Law School of what later became Columbia University, a post he held until his 1912 retirement. While at Columbia, Burgess taught constitutional law but more importantly, was instrumental in founding the discipline of political science in the USA. In 1886, he founded the Political Science Quarterly. He was instrumental in establishing the Faculty of Political Science, the first major institutionalized program in the United States granting the degree of Doctor of Philosophy.  These endeavors have led to his being widely regarded as one of the founders of modern political science.
On November 12, 2012, she was awarded  Doctor of Philosophy "honoris causa" degree from the Weizmann Institute of Science.
Crane also designed Olympia Stadium (Detroit Olympia), which eventually had seating for 13,375 plus standing room for 3,300. Olympia, used by the Detroit Red Wings, was razed in 1987.
Row Lewis is a Grenadian activist, teacher, life coach, vocalist, and liberation theologian. She is the founder of Liberty Fellowship Center, a non-profit ministry, where she serves as the Executive Director and Spiritual Advisor.
Noncovalent intermolecular interactions, albeit individually small, their summation alters chemical reactions in major ways. Listed below are common intermolecular forces that chemists have used to design foldamers.
Shilov was born in Moscow, and between 1968 and 1973 studied at the Surikov Moscow Art Institute. In 1976 he became a member of the Union of Artists of the USSR. In 1985 he became People's Artist of the USSR. In 1992 one of the asteroids (4164 Shilov discovered by Lyudmila Ivanovna Chernykh) was named after him. In 1996 he donated to the Russian Government 365 portraits painted by him. Since 2001 he is a full member of Russian Academy of Arts
Cabri Geometry is a commercial interactive geometry software produced by the French company Cabrilog for teaching and learning geometry and trigonometry. It was designed with ease-of-use in mind.  The program allows the user to animate geometric figures, proving a significant advantage over those drawn on a blackboard. Relationships between points on a geometric object may easily be demonstrated, which can be useful in the learning process.  There are also graphing and display functions which allow exploration of the connections between geometry and algebra. The program can be run under Windows or the Mac OS.
After spending his first years in Milan, Bramante moved to Rome, where he was recognized by Cardinal Giuliano della Rovere, the soon-to-be Pope Julius II. In Rome, Bramante was able to study the ancient monuments firsthand. The temple of Vesta at Tivoli was one of the precedents behind the Tempietto. Other antique precedents Bramante was able to study in Rome include the circular temple of the banks of the Tiber, Temple of Hercules Victor, believed at the time to be a temple of Vesta. However, circular churches had already been employed by early Christians for martyriums, like Santa Constanza, also in Rome. Bramante would have been aware of these early Christian precedents, and as a result, the Tempietto is circular.
If the evidence is proven authentic, the show would conclude it as "Proof Positive." 
The new Bourbon kings kept close ties with France and used many Frenchmen as advisors. French innovations in politics and social manners never fully replaced Spanish laws and traditions but became an important model in both areas. As a result, there was an influx of French goods, ideas, and books, which helped spread the ideas of the Enlightenment throughout the Spanish world. In a sense, all things French came into fashion during the subsequent century and gave rise to a new type of person, the afrancesado, who welcomed the new influence. In addition, during the War of Succession, the ports in Spanish America were blockaded by British and Dutch fleets. Spain turned to France for help with the export of its goods, which was the first time in Spanish colonial history that trade occurred with a foreign nation. The new commercial relationship stimulated the colonial economy, especially that of Chile.
where v is the drift velocity of the oscillators given by taking the infinite-N limit in the transformed governing equation, i.e., 
The romanisation of the Chinese language in Singapore is not dictated by a single policy, nor is its policy implementation consistent, as the local Chinese community is composed of a myriad of dialect groups. Although Hanyu Pinyin is adopted as the preferred romanisation system for Mandarin, the general lack of a romanisation standard for other Chinese varieties results in some level of inconsistency. This may be illustrated by the many variants for the same Chinese characters often found in surnames such as Low, Loh, Lo; Tay, Teh; Teo, Teoh; Yong, Yeong.
Many different sugars can be used as the fuel for rocket candy, including glucose, fructose, and sucrose; however, sucrose is the most common. Sorbitol, a sugar alcohol commonly used as a sweetener in food, produces a less brittle propellant with a slower burn rate. This reduces the risk of cracking propellant grains. Sugars with a double bonded oxygen, such as fructose and glucose, are less thermally stable and tend to caramelize when overheated, but have a lower melting point for ease of preparation. Sugars that only have alcohol groups, like sorbitol, are much less prone to this decomposition. Some other commonly used sugars include erythritol, xylitol, lactitol, maltitol, or mannitol.
Ogidi has a very rich history that dates over 450 years. The founding father of the town, Ezechumagha (born c.1550) married Anum-Ubosi and they had a son in 1580 named Inwelle. Inwelle married and had a son in 1611 named Ogidi (meaning strong pillar because he was a great warrior). Ogidi had 2 wives: (i) Duaja whose children were Akanano, Uru, Ezinkwo, Umu-Udo, and Ama-Okwu; and (ii) Amalanyia whose children were Ikenga, Nne Ogidi, Uruagu and Achalla Ogidi. After the migration of five of his children, the remaining four sons (Akanano, Uru, Ezinkwo and Ikenga) formed the present Ebo Ino (four quarters) of Ogidi.
Roland Arnall was born on March 29, 1939 in Paris, France. His parents were Eastern European Jews who had fled to Paris. During World War II, Arnall was raised as a Roman Catholic in a French village. He was kept unaware of being a Jew until after the war had ended, when he was six years old.
1535: Greenhills P.O. Box Nos. 1500 to 1599
The Space Access conferences are well known in the reusable space launch development community and space launch vehicle communities for bringing together key players at most of the companies working in the field, ranging from large conventional aerospace companies such as Boeing and Lockheed-Martin, and smaller companies such as Rotary Rocket, XCOR Aerospace, Pioneer Rocketplane, Armadillo Aerospace and the like.  NASA and the Federal Aviation Administration Office of Commercial Space Transportation also have consistently sent representatives.   Many Ansari X-Prize team members were consistent attendees.
On 20 June 2013, Doyle announced that she will be stepping down as Sunrise co-host in order to take on a national role within the Seven Network. She presented her final show on 9 August of the same year. Her farewell program was the highest rating edition of the show that year.
The exhibits actually extend beyond the somewhat-modest size of the museum, with Casey and Finnegan's treehouse from Mr. Dressup located across from the entrance, and additional exhibits of memorabilia and photographs in display cases around the CBC lobby.
Other sources, however, maintain that Ceuta represented the last Byzantine outpost in Africa and that Julian, whom the Arabs called Ilyan, was an exarch or Byzantine governor. Valdeavellano offers another possibility, that "as appears more likely, he may have been a Berber who was the lord and master of the Catholic tribe of Gomera." In any case, being an able diplomat who was adept in Visigothic, Berber, and Arab politics, Julian might well have surrendered to Musa on terms that allowed him to retain his title and command.
The 2000 season was a wash, but the end of the season saw his rights traded to Winnipeg from Calgary. He started playing with the Bombers for the 2001 CFL season which saw him named as the CFL's Most Outstanding Canadian and a visit to the 2001 Grey Cup game which the Bombers ended up losing. He soon acquired the nickname "Big Bird" and again won as Winnipeg's MOC award again the following season.
Billesdon is a village and civil parish in the Harborough district of Leicestershire, England, with a population of 745 according to the 2001 census, increasing  to 901 at the 2011 census.  It is just off the A47, nine miles east of Leicester. The Billesdon bypass opened in October 1986. Nearby places include Houghton on the Hill (the next village towards Leicester), and Skeffington (the next village east towards Uppingham), Tilton on the Hill, and Gaulby. The Billesdon Brook flows through the village.
Charles Brown Fisher was a noted horse breeder of the late 19th century.
Honey is introduced in November 2005, employed by Yolande Trueman (Angela Wynter) as a "honey trap" to see if her husband Patrick (Rudolph Walker) is willing to commit adultery. Honey causes confusion by mistaking Billy Mitchell (Perry Fenwick) for Patrick, but truth prevails, and Honey and Billy become friends. Honey has aspirations to become a model. Billy helps her find employment, acting as her manager. Billy and Honey are attracted to each other, and after a period of trepidation, they finally confess their feelings and became a couple in December 2005. The following month, Honey falls pregnant. Overjoyed, Billy proposes and despite initial objections from her father, Jack (Nicky Henson), Honey says yes. When Jack discovers that Honey is pregnant, he tries to persuade her to abort her unborn child, convinced that she would share the same fate as her mother. Not wanting to lose Honey, Billy insists that she enquire about an abortion but a check-up reveals that Honey does not have the same heart defect as her mother, so there is no danger of her dying of the same cause. Honey is furious with Jack for making her so unnecessarily fearful about her health all her life, and chastises him for not getting her heart checked when she was a child. She eventually forgives her father, and begins enjoying the prospect of becoming a mother.
In 1337 Manny was placed in command of an English fleet, and in the following year accompanied King Edward to the continent, where in the campaigns of the next few years he proved himself one of the boldest and ablest of the English king's military commanders. He fought at the Battle of Sluys.
Because TDS is a compelling, automatic and unconscious state of internal focus and processing (i.e. a type of everyday trance state), and often a state of internal lack of certainty, or openness to finding an answer (since something is being checked out at that moment), it can be utilized or interrupted, in order to create, or deepen, trance.
The festival featured a variety of independent films including documentaries, narrative features and shorts. From the 6th festival onwards there was also a family-friendly section of children's animated movies There would be a jury who would celebrate emerging and renowned filmmakers by awarding their works. One distinctive feature of the festival was that it would showcase works of art by Pakistani artists. Another feature of the festival was that the opening and closing ceremonies would feature some of the new as well as some of the famed Pakistani musical talent.
Pinktronix (featuring Chelonis R. Jones) - "Crash!" (2006, featured in ''Right On Delay'')
Heritage Plaza was constructed in the early 1980s as a purpose-built headquarters for the building society.
Dr. Hon. Victoria Edith Hamilton (b. 17 April 1941)
"The Invisible Japanese Gentlemen" is a short story written by Graham Greene in 1965.
UNCR reports that the status of women in Pakistani-administered Kashmir is similar to that of women in Pakistan. They are not granted equal rights under the law, and their educational opportunities and choice of marriage partner remain "circumscribed". Domestic violence, forced marriage, and other forms of abuse continue to be issues of concern. In May 2007, the United Nations and other aid agencies temporarily suspended their work after suspected Islamists mounted an arson attack on the home of two aid workers after the organisations had received warnings against hiring women. However, honour killings and rape occur less frequently than in other areas of Pakistan.
In 1845, a new Welland County was formed from Lincoln County.
Jenn's debut country solo album, Give a Girl a Reason, was released in 2007 on the label Groundwork Records.
Acceptance of courses taken at foreign universities is determined on an individual basis at the discretion of the Dean of Admissions and Financial Aid. Applicants should have completed most premedical requirements to receive serious consideration. All requirements must be met before matriculation.
Tucker attended Robinson High School in Robinson, Texas, where he excelled in football, basketball and track and field, particularly long jumping, where he was a state finalist his junior and senior years.  He also competed in the 400-m relay at the state finals his senior year. Tucker played on the freshman football team but made the varsity basketball and track team as a freshman were he made an immediate impact.  As a high school player, he was not considered a vocal leader, but he did not have to be: his on-field heroics more than once breathed life into his teammates (notably when he scored two touchdowns in the span of 30 seconds against the 1993 Troy Trojans).  He played both ways his sophomore, junior and senior years as a wide receiver and defensive back.
The Sudanese government and the JEM signed a ceasefire agreement ending the Darfur conflict in February, 2010.
At this period Wandrei also broke into the crime pulps with stories of his detective I.V. Frost published in such magazines as Clues Detctive Stories and Black Mask. (These tales are gathered in Frost (2000)). He also broke into the 'slicks' with stories published in Esquire. 
He became outspoken about the Czarist regime when "radical terrorist groups murdered Alexander II and his son tightened his political pressure on radicals and abandoned his father's reforms." He thus left Russia following the assassination of Czar Alexander II in 1881. Reportedly, many of the accounts of Demens being forced to flee Russia are "based on Demens' attempts to romanticize his departure from Russia by implying he escaped just before a military raid on his estate" despite never being "more than 'on the fringe' of peaceful populist organizations." According to the biographer Albert Parry, Demens' departure was "more likely to his troubles with an embezzlement scandal that engulfed Demens and others in government posts" ("trials brought only one conviction for a minor government official and acquittals for Demens and 15 others"). In 1880 he was exiled from Russia, and he anglicized his name to Peter Demens.
''Several characters are bastards, most notably Don John and Edmund.''
These sensors are the early warning system for the bridges, providing the essential information that help the Highways Department to accurately monitor the general health conditions of the bridges.
The molecular layer (I) is unusually wide; the external granular layer (II) contains nests of, for the most part, multipolar cells: the external pyramidal layer (III) contains medium-sized pyramidal cells which merge with cells of the internal pyramidal layer (V); a clear cell free zone represents sublayer 5b of layer V; the multiform layer is wide and has a less clear two sublayer structure; the internal granular layer (IV) is totally absent.
Peel announced his conversion and tried to push through the new Catholic Relief Bill in February 1829.  The bill was passed.  It was a momentous victory for O'Connell and the Catholic middle class (less so for the numerous poor), and he became known as 'The Liberator' and the "uncrowned king of Ireland".
The film is considered an example of "parametric narration" in which the style "dominates the syuzhet plot or is seemingly equal in importance to it".
Astrid Bussink (born  1975 in Eibergen, Gelderland) is a Dutch filmmaker. Her debut film is the documentary Angelmakers.
Despite this most direct method of getting the batsman out, bowlers often concentrate their line outside off stump, where the batsman does not necessarily have to hit the ball to avoid being out. A line just outside off stump, sometimes referred to as the corridor of uncertainty, may cause the batsman to be in two minds whether or not he needs to hit the ball to prevent it hitting his wicket. In this state, the batsman has little choice but to attempt to hit the ball, as not doing so could be disastrous. By thus forcing the batsman to play at the ball with some element of uncertainty, the bowler's goal is to induce a poorly executed shot that may offer a catch to a fielder, or ricochet the ball into the wicket.
He is noted for having the earliest known booking for time wasting when he humorously kicked the ball out of play after Derby had taken the lead against Liverpool in a game Derby were very unlikely to win.
The following is a list of episodes for the animated television comedy Drawn Together.
In the Netherlands he carries the nickname "Bommen Berend" ("Bombing Bernard") because he unsuccessfully laid siege to the Dutch city of Groningen using artillery. A holiday with this name is still celebrated in the city of Groningen on 28 August to commemorate the breaking of the siege. 
After leaving Edgware Station, the line was to pass under Station Road. The parade of shops on the north side of the road had a narrower building under which the line was to pass, going under Rectory Lane and emerging into a cutting. The photographs are taken from the back of the shops (Rectory Lane side). Now a car park, at carriageway level, stands where the cutting would have been.
Syvret spent his junior career with the London Knights of the OHL, eventually being named team captain. In his final year of junior hockey, he was captain of a powerhouse team that broke numerous junior hockey records and won the 2005 Memorial Cup, and is considered one of the most dominant junior teams in history. Syvret was the recipient of the OHL and CHL Defenceman Of The Year in 2005. Danny also made another mark on history when he was part of the Canadian World Junior team that won the gold medal in 2005, tallying the game-winning goal.
GPS compatible with MC-35 GPS cord.
John Anthony Devine (born 11 November 1958) is an Irish former footballer and manager/coach.
Martin served a one-year term as president of Brant's Reform Party of Canada association in the 1990s. He opposed the party's United Alternative initiative in 1999, but nonetheless joined the resultant Canadian Alliance party in 2000. The Alliance merged with the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada to form the Conservative Party in 2003, and Martin joined the new party. He was neutral in its 2004 leadership election. Martin also served on the executive of the local Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario association and chaired the group Taxpayers Coalition Brant. He frequently wrote letters to the Brantford Expositor before his election to council, advocating conservative policies.
After coming home from the tours the band focused on writing new material but asked Higbey to leave the band. This was a difficult decision for the band but they moved forward as a four-piece and continued to write and prepare for their next album. Entering Razor's Edge studios in San Francisco in the fall of 1993, the band recorded what they feel was their best album, Exit Paradise, which was released in October 1994. Unfortunately the band decided to break up a couple months after the release of this album  due to differences in the band and the label's lack of support.
Are You Dead?
Panagodage Don Ruchira Laksiri Perera (better known as Ruchira Perera) (born 6 April 1977 in Colombo) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He is a left-handed batsman and a left-arm medium-fast bowler.
The Bonzo Doo Dah Dog Band did a performance of this song on their 1969 release Tadpoles.
MF Shalem - Production on "Time of My Life Redux." Production and vocals on "Eye of the Tiger"
Amid his duties at McGill and his medical practice in Montreal, McKenzie sought escape in art.  He first turned to watercolour sketching, and always kept a small notebook in his pocket in which he would scribble whenever something caught his eye.  His interest in sculpting was a result of his extensive knowledge of human anatomy, his desire to portraying athletics artistically, and the limitations of portraying musculature in two-dimensional art forms.
On 19 February 2015, Taylforth made a surprise appearance as Kathy Beale, despite the character's apparent death in 2006, in a live segment of the 30th anniversary episode. The BBC then confirmed she would be reprising the role of Kathy permanently. Kathy returned in August.
In 1989 he moved to Rochdale, and in 1990 he moved into non-League football with Horwich RMI.
Carlson, Norm, ''University of Florida Football Vault: The History of the Florida Gators'', Whitman Publishing, LLC, Atlanta, Georgia (2007).  ISBN 0-7948-2298-3.
Hexamethonium is a non-depolarising ganglionic blocker, a nicotinic nACh (NN) receptor antagonist   that acts in autonomic ganglia by binding mostly in or on the NN receptor, and not the acetylcholine binding site itself. It does not have any effect on the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors (mAChR) located on target organs of the parasympathetic nervous system but acts as antagonist at the nicotinic acetylcholine receptors located in sympathetic and parasympathetic ganglia (NN).
Social factors: Political policies: political disputes, particularly, that result in the military confrontation can disrupt trade and investment.
Metal Gear RAY is an anti-Metal Gear introduced in Metal Gear Solid 2: Sons of Liberty also designed by Yoji Shinkawa. This Metal Gear model comes in two variants: a manned prototype version developed to combat Metal Gear derivatives and an unmanned, computer-controlled version refitted to defend Arsenal Gear.
Bennett, Walter Hartwell. Introduction to ''Letters from the Federal Farmer to the Republican''. Tuscaloosa: University of Alabama Press, 1978.
Beal was a friend of Paynter, while Murray was a West Ham trialist and played football at schoolboy level with a number of West Ham players such as Jim Barrett. Through this contrivance of association the club's fans took it upon themselves to begin singing the popular music hall tune before home games, sometimes reinforced by the presence of a house band requested to play the refrain by Charlie Paynter.
When the order was placed, it was the first Norwegian electric locomotive with the mechanical components built in Germany. At the same time, NSB ordered five six-axle diesel-electric locomotives from Thyssen-Henschel (Mark Di 4), almost the same as the Danish Mark ME 1500. The Di 4/ME 1500 have many similarities to its electric counterpart El 17. The two were planned to have the same rectifiers and motors, but due to weight restrictions the El 17 received the same type as Class 120.
Gymnasiums have its courses (smerovi), and the most common ones are the Socio-Linguistics Course, Science-Mathematics Course, Information Technology Course, Bilingual Course, and the General Course. Students can only choose one course (they do it when they write their wish list for preferred schools and courses) and they usually don't change it until they graduate. Every course has the same number and list of classes, but the difference is in their schedules (for example, the Socio-Linguistic Course might have English classes five times a week, while the Science-Mathematics Course offers two English classes a week).
Umar al-Aqta was able to overcome the initial Byzantine resistance against his invasion and reach the shores of the Black Sea. The Byzantines then mobilized all their forces, and the Arab army was encircled near the River Lalakaon. The subsequent battle ended in a complete Byzantine victory and the death of the Emir on the field, and was followed by a successful Byzantine counteroffensive across the border. The Byzantine victories proved decisive: the main threats to the Byzantine borderlands were eliminated, and the era of Byzantine ascendancy in the East, which would culminate in the great conquests of the 10th century, had begun.
One of the more dubious distinctions awarded Redwood Valley is it being the home of Jim Jones' Peoples Temple cult for a short time.  The site was chosen because Jones believed that it was one of the few places in the world likely to survive a nuclear holocaust.
4. Marie I, Countess of Boulogne
At the outbreak of the First World War in 1914, Jaeger did the Notabitur (a special, harder wartime version of the Abitur), declared himself a volunteer, and became an ensign in Infantry Regiment 119. During the war, he was deployed in Flanders and France, and also at the Battles of the Isonzo on the Italian Front in Slovenia. Jaeger was wounded six times and received numerous decorations.
Funaki signed a contract with FEG's MMA promotion, DREAM. On April 28, 2008, Funaki participated in DREAM's first ever Middle-weight Grand Prix. Funaki was matched against Kiyoshi Tamura at the opening round of the Dream 2: Middleweight Grand Prix 2008 First Round in Saitama, Japan. After a hard opening exchange between the two, Funaki was staggered by a punch and pulled guard on Tamura, from where he was pounded to an eventual TKO at 0:57 of Round 1. This was his first (T)KO stoppage loss since September 14, 1998, when he was knocked out with a body blow by Semmy Schilt. Funaki was eliminated from the Middle-weight Grand Prix.
The Arroyo Seco Bicycle Path is maintained by City of Los Angeles.  The Arroyo Seco river channel that the bike path is located in is maintained by the Los Angeles County Department of Public Works.
Also honoured were the 40th and 30th anniversaries of two of the earliest English successes in the European Cup tournament.
The three potential astras are Vaishnavastra, Pashupatastra and Brahmanda astra. However, these astras cannot harm five principle gods i.e. Brahma, Vishnu, Shiva, Ganesha and Devi as they are the supreme manifestation of the divine. Especially, these astras cannot harm Vishnu, the greatest of all gods, Shiva, the god of gods and the destroyer himself, and Shakti, both Supreme Being and the original energy behind all astras. With these five gods, the astras also can not harm Hanuman, the son of god vayu, as he obtained vardanas (boons) from several gods.
Sharma was coached by Desh Prem Azad, a Dronacharya Award winner, who was also the mentor of Kapil Dev. Despite being only 5' 3" tall, the bearded Sharma was one of the fastest bowlers in India during the 1980s.
Some fifty tribes of Kuki peoples in India are recognised as scheduled tribes based on the dialect spoken and region of origin.
Altogether, McKenna's VFL record of 874 goals from 191 games was enough to place him as the league's fourth-highest goalkicker at the time of his retirement, behind only Gordon Coventry, Doug Wade and Jack Titus. At the start of the 2014 AFL season he sits ninth all-time. His full senior and representative career yielded 1213 goals.
The rufous-winged sparrow inhabits desert grasslands with scattered mesquite or cholla. It also occurs in washes with sandy bottoms and vegetated slopes, brushy irrigation ditches, and creeks bordered by broad-leaved trees, mesquite, grasses, and forbs.
The Jewish Supernumerary Police (sometimes referred to as Jewish Auxiliary Police) (Hebrew: Shotrim Musafim) were a branch of the Guards (Notrim) set up by the British in Mandate Palestine in June 1936. Around 22,000 Notrim were appointed, armed and equipped by the British to act as a protective militia for Jewish settlements. This force "soon became a legal cover for the Haganah and an increasingly effective shield against Arab forays". 
The era of Vicars Apostolic ended in 1850 with the restoration of the Hierarchy. In 1869, the Archbishop of Westminster, Henry Edward Manning, set up a seminary in Hammersmith, and for the first time St Edmund's ceased to be a theological college. In 1874, the junior boys were separated from the rest of the college into St Hugh's Preparatory School, in a house originally built by Pugin for the Oxford convert W. G. Ward. The prep school has since been renamed St Edmund's Preparatory School.
Gilbertese is the main language of daily communication on Rabi Island.  The islanders have held fast to many Banaban customs.  Development on Rabi is limited; only two manual telephone lines are in operation, and only a few generators electrify the island.
In 1997, she alleged that her telephones had been tapped, resulting in her winning a case at the European Court of Human Rights against the Home Secretary.
Feathers are epidermal growths which form an outer covering on birds and some dinosaurs.
The most commonly grown species of this genus is Melissa officinalis, commonly known in the United States as lemon balm, and as balm in England.
By default, an unlabeled dependency between two packages is interpreted as a package import relationship.
It is the only leporid species found in most of its range.
'''Charlie''' - Don's son, and the Old Prospector's grandson - a kind, generous boy who loves the bush and animals as much as his grandfather. His personal horse is a white, gray-maned stallion named Snowy.
The Macaulay Land Use Research Institute was a registered charity since 1931. Commercial services are delivered through Macaulay Scientific Consulting Ltd, its subsidiary consultancy company.
He gained prominence as chairman of the Moderate Youth League between 1995 and 1998. He was seen as a future leader of the party but after his resignation he withdrew from party politics. He was thus considered as part of the "Lost Generation" of the Moderate Party together with Ulf Kristersson.
PTPs are increasingly viewed as integral components of signal transduction cascades, despite less study and understanding compared to tyrosine kinases.
Observing the racial discrimination and strong opposition among ranks of military officers, Congress began to fear that black involvement would only prolong the war. Democratic Senator of Missouri John B. Henderson asserted that because white soldiers do not "want to fight by side with the nigger", "the rebellion will never end if they are used. I do not believe they will help you any." Henderson voiced the opinion that black and white cooperation in the war was not possible. Seconding his fellow Senator, Republican James W. Grimes of Iowa, who wished to see blacks fighting, regretfully informed those at the Congressional debate, "I believe for that every good soldier you would get among them, you will lose a white man, who will be driven off by his prejudices." And even though Lincoln wished to see slaves free, he said the same thing in the late winter of 1862: "To arm the negroes, would turn 50,000 bayonets from the loyal Border States against us that were for us." Although he uses kinder words, Lincoln, too, implies that the racist attitudes have the power to rip the Union apart even more.
Also influential in shaping this investment style was Phil Fisher, whose 1958 book "Common Stocks and Uncommon Profits" is still today a reference for identifying growth companies.
Golzar was Fitness Coach Erteashat Sanati volleyball club. He was captain of volleyball team of the artists from 2004 to 2008 who work for a charity tournament was held in 2005 but due to differences with the head coach and careers in cinema, he withdrew from team in 2008.
Church Hall, a former Methodist church, renovated into a men's residence hall, is open to upperclassmen and also houses the football fieldhouse and the security and information technology offices.
Plurals are marked differently according to whether they are human (-sang) or non-human (-pang) nouns. Notably, the plural is not used when the noun is followed by a number.
De Leon coined the title of the show: Eat represents lunchtime while Bulaga (which means "to surprise") represents their plan to fill the show with big surprises. The title is also a play on two children's games: Eat is the transliteration of It from the game Tag while Bulaga refers to Peek-a-boo!. Because of this, the slogan "Hangga't May Bata, May Eat Bulaga!" ("While There Are Children, There will be Eat Bulaga!") was coined, also by de Leon.
His refined sense of colour was used to exquisite effect in his performances of Chopin, while his affinity with the Russian repertoire was revealed in his greatly admired performances of Rachmaninoff. His impact on the musical life of Australia, and Adelaide in particular, was considerable, both through his performances and his numerous students.  He was associated with all the Australian state orchestras and took part in festivals in Sydney, Melbourne, Perth and Adelaide.
Examples of his paintings can be viewed today at the New Hampshire Historical Society in Concord, New Hampshire the Currier Museum of Art in Manchester, New Hampshire and the Museum of the White Mountains at Plymouth State University in Plymouth, New Hampshire.
Aside from the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, or "New Scotland", New England is the only North American region to inherit the name of a kingdom in the British Isles. New England has largely preserved its regional character, especially in its historic sites. Its name is a reminder of the past, as many of the original English-Americans have migrated further west.
91.7 The Bounce (CHBN) signed on the air on February 17, 2005.
Eichbaum means oak tree in English.
The traditional tune is a version of that also commonly used for the folk song Lily of the West.
Nizamabad is bounded on the North by Nirmal district, on the East by Jagtial and Karimnagar district, on the South lies Kamareddy district, and on the West by Nanded district of Maharashtra State. The Godavari River enters into Telangana from Nizamabad district at Kandhakurthi.
Most Scholars live at one of the 14 universities that has a Foundation-owned Scholarship House. The 14 chapters are as follows in order of foundation: Northwestern University (1940), University of Illinois (1951), University of Michigan (1952), University of Wisconsin (1953), Michigan State University (1955), Marquette University (1955), University of Minnesota (1958), Ohio State University (1962), Purdue University (1967), University of Colorado (1967), University of Missouri (1968), Indiana University (1969), Miami University (1974), and Northern Illinois University (1987).
The film went on to draw crowds at many other festivals, including South by Southwest and the Seattle International Film Festival, and was slated for theatrical release in fall 2006.
After the death of Mary I, Maidstone's right were restored, and it elected members to the Parliament  of 1560, since when the constituency has been continuously represented. The borough consisted of the whole parish of Maidstone, although the boundaries had no practical effect - the right to vote was vested in the freemen of the town, whether or not they were resident within the borough, provided they were not receiving poor relief. In 1833, just after this franchise was reformed by the Great Reform Act, it was estimated that there were 845 freemen, of whom more than 300 lived over seven miles from the town, and 31 of whom were disqualified from voting because they were in receipt of alms. At the 1831 general election, between 600 and 670 men voted.
"L.A. Magic" by L.A. Allstar Magic Band
On Disc 4, in the Bonus Feature menu, highlight "Deleted Scenes" and press up. A key hidden in the gray area will suddenly appear. If you press it, you will get a funny little featurette about the controversy surrounding Jesse Metcalf's butt cheeks on Episode 2.
As a gifted West End revue artiste he appeared in Charlot's Revue at the Prince of Wales Theatre in 1924 and Charlot's Masquerade at the Cambridge Theatre in 1930. He also enjoyed great success co-starring with Hermione Gingold in the three long-running Sweet and Low revues, with scripts by Alan Melville, first taking over from Walter Crisham in 1944; this was followed in June 1948 by the A la Carte revue at the Savoy Theatre.
Gura, Philip F. (1999). ''America's Instrument: The Banjo in the Nineteenth-century''. The University of North Carolina Press.
The reactor was shut down in 1987 and placed on cold standby in 1988, with "final disposition" beginning in 1994.
The park is popular due to its close proximity to Nairobi and lowered park fees compared to other National Parks. Hiking, bicycling, and motorcycling and even camping are encouraged within the park, one of only two Kenyan national parks where this is allowed. The Daily Nation praised the mountain climbing in Hell's Gate as "thrilling." It also recommended the Joy Adamson's Centre and boating on Lake Naivasha. A Maasai Cultural Center provides education about the Maasai tribe's culture and traditions.
On Tuesday May 8, 2007 it was announced that WXCT would be dropping its all-talk format and flipping to a foreign language format on Friday, May 11. http://www.talkradio990.com WXCT officially switched to Spanish-language religious programming at 3:30 PM on Thursday, May 10, 2007.
Newspaper columnist Bob Thomas reported that Gloria was engaged to a pilot, but he was killed in the Korean War. Gloria herself denies this, dismissing it as mistaken identity. She was engaged only once, to the man she ultimately married in 1962. The marriage was not successful; her husband was frequently absent, living apart from his wife and son. Gloria Jean obtained a divorce and began a second career with Redken Laboratories, a national cosmetics firm, where she worked until 1993.
Hand-set terminal by KES.
In August 2008, Dev buys a flat in the newly finished Victoria Court and becomes increasingly unhappy with his affair with Nina when he realises that she has been cheating on Prem for years. Nina blackmails Dev by threatening to tell Prem if he tries to end it but Dev meets their daughter and found himself torn between Tara (Ayesha Dharker) and Nina. Nina does not approve of Dev's attraction to Tara but they go on several dates regardless so she threatens again to tell Prem about their affair. Dev, sick of Nina's threats, tells Prem himself, who is disgusted but Tara has taken quite a shine to him and tries to discourage her but she interprets his actions as honourable. Eventually Dev visits Prem again and asks for his permission to date Tara and asks Prem to promise that he would not tell Tara about Dev and Nina's affair. Dev asks for Tara's sake and Prem agrees but Tara tells Dev that Nina slept with her ex-boyfriend and insisted to Tara that she's paranoid and her boyfriend was not cheating on her.
Reisinger, John, (2015). ''The Confessions of Gonzalo Guerrero'', Glyphworks Publishing, ASIN: B00SENBQVC
In the 2008 Africa Cup of Nations, Egypt's coach Hassan Shehata named him as giving the best effort for the team in the tournament. He also took part in the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations and was a regular starter for Egypt along with Mohamed Zidan of Dortmund. He scored 2 goals in the tournament he is a regular for Egypt and wears the number 10 Shirt.
Sir Robert Borden High School (SRB) is a high school located on Greenbank Road in Nepean, Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. Adjacent to the main office of the Ottawa-Carleton District School Board, this school was built in 1969 and officially opened on December 5, 1969 and named after the late Conservative Prime Minister of Canada, Robert Borden.
The red-spotted toad (Anaxyrus punctatus, formerly Bufo punctatus) is a toad in the family Bufonidae found in the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico.
These Kharijites swore that they would fight Ali ibn Abi Talib at any cost.
In 1979 she founded the First Gallery with her husband in Southampton.  Her work is represented in many private and public collections.  
On May 29, 2012, in Game 2 of the Western Conference Finals, Oklahoma City coach Scott Brooks attempted to slow San Antonio's offense through continual fouling of Splitter, sending him to the free throw line with the "Hack-a-Shaq" strategy.
The school became a self-governing Academy, under the name Hummersknott Academy on 1 July 2011.  It is operated by the Hummersknott Academy Trust, a company limited by guarantee.
1935: The newly introduced yellow 'caution' light, requiring drivers to slow and hold position, makes its first appearance in race, to eventual race winner Kelly Petillo's advantage as many of the late laps are disrupted by rain, neutralising Petillo's race long battle with Rex Mays and Wilbur Shaw.
The club celebrated a Dutch Championship in 1987 and 1990. The next few years it was at the lower end of the League, which is dominated by Neptunus from Rotterdam. In earlier years there was another team in Amsterdam, called Amstel Tijgers (Tigers) and football club AFC Ajax also played base ball, and has been champions a number of times. The club is the second largest baseball club of the Netherlands (after Almere).
In 2006, he lost 88 pounds, as he discussed on his blog, Tower of Hubris.
Soo Teck LRT Station (PW7) is an LRT station on the Punggol LRT Line West Loop in Singapore.
The forum was created in around 2001 under the name "UK Learning" as a site for students at university to talk to each other. Since then the forum has grown in popularity and developed into a forum consisting of dozens of sub-forums and thousands of new posts daily. In late 2004 the forum saw a change to its present name of "The Student Room".
In December 2000, the Burnie Dockers pulled out of the SWL to rejoin the NTFL as did Devonport and Northern Bombers, leaving Football Tasmania little choice but to close down the Statewide competition as the AFL decided to redistribute its funding into placing a Tasmanian team in the Victorian Football League in 2001 which left Clarence, Glenorchy and North Hobart Football Clubs without a competition to participate in.
Tivaouane was part of the Wolof kingdom of Cayor, and was at one time its capital. It was first described to Europeans in the 15th century by Venitian explorer Luigi Cada-Mosto.
532.Traasanaay, The one who causes fear
Voted the 110th DJ in the world by DJ Magazine Top 100 poll for 2008.
As the collection is unique in range and vintage, the exhibits are a product of their age, with faded and worn pelts and visible marks from bullets and rough taxidermy. Larger specimens are displayed in large, wood-framed glass cases while smaller ones are kept under glass, protected from sunlight by moveable leather panels. The main room is heated by an underfloor system similar to a Roman hypocaust.
Residents began settling in Fox Creek shortly after Highway 43 officially opened in the fall of 1955, attracted by opportunities in the forestry and oil and gas exploration industries. The first two houses were built by Alberta Forest Services in 1956 to support a new ranger station that opened in 1957. Fox Creek's first two roadways, 1 Street West (the initial stage of Kaybob Drive) and Highway Avenue, were also constructed in 1956.
More holy than the multitude/ of all the heav'nly armies.
In 1932, while Patton continued his path on his famous military career, Angelo had returned to civilian life. He was unemployed and suffering along with many other veterans from the effects of the Great Depression. As a result, he joined the Bonus Army movement of First World War veterans demanding monetary compensation for their roles in the war. The particular issue was that these veterans had been promised compensation but they were not due to receive it until 1945. Given the realities of the depression, veterans such as Angelo demanded to receive the money immediately.
Jeremy Dunham of IGN and Johnny Liu of Game Revolution compared the Galactic President to Bill Clinton (apparent with his voice), with Dunham considering the President to be one of the more endearing characters of the game.
Confederal allocation of resources is required because, although self-reliance allows many decisions to be made at the community level, much remains to be decided at the regional/national/supra-national level. However, it is delegates (rather than representatives) with specific mandates from the demotic assemblies who are involved in a confederal demotic planning process which, in combination with the proposed system of vouchers, effects the allocation of resources in a confederal inclusive democracy.
Kiln House is the fourth album by British rock band Fleetwood Mac, released in 1970. This is the first of the post-Peter Green Fleetwood Mac albums, and their last album to feature Jeremy Spencer.  Christine McVie was present at the recording sessions and contributed backing vocals and cover art, although she was not a full member of the band until shortly after the album's completion.
During the 2001 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Lahti, he tested positive for use of the banned plasma expander Hemohes together with five fellow Finnish cross-country skiers. This resulted in the disqualification of the gold-medal winning Finnish relay team. Following the scandal, Kirvesniemi retired from competitive skiing. In 2013, he received a 6-month suspended sentence after the Helsinki District Court found that he had committed perjury when witnessing to the court in 2011 that he was unaware of any doping use in the 1990s.
Bordeleau represented France at the 2004 World Championships in Prague, Czech Republic, and at the 2008 World Championships in Quebec City, Canada.
1947 Op. 39, Piano Sonatina No. 2
Steamer's first official skateboard deck sponsor was Toy Machine, founded and owned by professional skateboarder, Ed Templeton. Professional skateboarder, Chad Muska, then a leading member of the Toy Machine team, facilitated Steamer's sponsorship; at the time of Steamer's acceptance, Toy Machine consisted of Templeton, Muska, Mike Maldonado, Jamie Thomas, and Brian Anderson.
This was nominated at the 4th Academy Awards for the now defunct Best Story category. The nominated duo was Lucien Hubbard and Joseph Jackson.
Saving user points of interest. Users can be notified when they approach these points at a distance of their choice, which can be defined individually for each point. 
Finally, Laskin discarded the argument that the discrimination in question is not offensive to the ''Bill of Rights'' simply because Parliament enacted the impugned section of the law under its constitutional authority as provided by the ''British North America Act''. "The majority opinion in the ''Drybones'' case," Laskin noted, "dispels any attempt to rely on the grant of legislative power as a ground for escaping from the force of the ''Canadian Bill of Rights''." Laskin remarked that Section 3 of the ''Bill of Rights'' indeed affirms that its constitutional jurisdiction is not at issues when the ''Bill of Rights'' commands the Minister of Justice to evaluate every government bill to ensure consistency with the ''Bill of Rights''.
Jeffrey Osborne recorded a version of "All the Way" which was featured in the 1991 motion picture (and soundtrack) Dying Young, starring Julia Roberts. The soundtrack from Dying Young was composed and produced by James Newton Howard.
He married, in 1964, Juliet Marryat, with whom he had a daughter. The marriage was later dissolved. He was the uncle of philosopher Stephen Neale. Daniels died on 21 October 2011.
1963: 141 carries for 616 yards and 7 TD. 3 catches for 21 yards.
He died in Toronto in 1868.
The technique of Wilson Harris has been called experimental and innovative. Harris describes that conventional writing is different from his style of writing in that "conventional writing is straightforward writing" and "My writing is quantum writing. Do you know of the quantum bullet? The quantum bullet, when it's fired, leaves not one hole but two."
These Buffyverse tales take place around Buffy season 6, and Angel Season 3 (from autumn 2001 to spring 2002).
Born 1945 in Toledo, Ohio, Spafford grew up in San Diego, California and still lives there with her husband Ray Lidstrom, president of her company, Suzy's Zoo Studios. She graduated from Point Loma High School and San Diego State University. She is a member of Kappa Delta Sorority.
The list of shipwrecks in 1919 includes some ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during 1919.
The Kerala High Court has initiated steps to control the pollution of the river from the practice of some visitors to Sabarimala who throw their clothes into it. As part of the Punyam Poonkavanam project, pilgrims have been exhorted to avoid the usage of soap and oil while bathing in River Pamba. They are also requested not to throw any material, including clothes, to this holy river. At a broader level, this project aims to spread the message of cleanliness and greenness beyond Pamba and Sabarimala.
Equity Broadcasting Corporation distributed the network's programming free-to-air on Galaxy 10R Ku-band satellite for carriage by some of the individual low-power televisions that it owned in various U.S. cities.
Regulatory duty hour restrictions, in theory, should reduce the number of duty hours worked; in practice, they may not. See Problems with duty hour restrictions. Studies evaluating the effects of duty hour restrictions on patient outcomes have been somewhat mixed.
The 12th congressional district (together with the 11th district) was created starting with the 63rd United States Congress in 1913, based on redistricting following the United States Census, 1910.
CCI NewsDesk and CCI NewsGate uses an Oracle database to allow reporters, editors and graphic designers to work on content at the same time. NewsDesk combines elements of Microsoft Word and a proprietary pagination program called CCI Layout Champ, although newer versions of the software can work with Adobe InDesign. Newsdesk also integrates with programs for tracking and formatting advertisements.
Karelia Brigade (Karjalan Prikaati) is one of the three Finnish Army readiness brigades. It is located at Valkeala. With some three thousand soldiers it is the second largest brigade in Finland. Karelia Brigade is currently commanded by Brigadier General Jari Kallio. Timo Kivinen served as commander until July, 2014.
The construction of the latter two branches and of the second phase of the Eastern branch is currently unfunded.
ensures the gas only flows in the intended direction.
He first appeared in the strip in 1975. He is generally seen as a combination of Bob Dylan and John Denver (and to some extent, Loudon Wainwright III), and became a rock star in the seventies, when he was only 19. Others have compared Thudpucker to a young Jackson Browne.
Slessor held several operational commands in the Second World War. As Air Officer Commanding Coastal Command in 1943 and 1944, he was credited with doing much to turn the tide of the Battle of the Atlantic through his use of long-range bombers against German U-boats. He was knighted in June 1943. In the closing stages of the war he became Commander-in-Chief RAF Mediterranean and Middle East and deputy to Lieutenant General Ira Eaker as Commander-in-Chief Mediterranean Allied Air Forces, conducting operations in the Italian Campaign and Yugoslavia. Slessor went on to serve in the RAF's most senior post, Chief of the Air Staff, in the early 1950s, and was considered a strong proponent of strategic bombing and the nuclear deterrent. In retirement he published two more books, including an autobiography, and held ceremonial appointments in Somerset.
Each step in these procedures is based on a single, fundamental property of equations.  Cross-multiplication is a shortcut, an easily understandable procedure that can be taught to students.
On 29 December 2001, the episode saw contestant Hannarle Davies from Essex propose to Mark Ackerell from Buckinghamshire; after they fell in love on their date to Vienna, Austria.
In 1941 it published the Aufbau Almanac, a guide to living in the United States that explained the American political system, education, insurance law, the post office and sports. After the war, Aufbau helped families that had been scattered by European battles to reconnect by listing survivors' names. Aufbau's offices eventually moved to the Upper West Side. The paper nearly went bankrupt in 2006, but was purchased by Jewish Media AG, and exists today as a monthly news magazine. Its editorial offices are now in Berlin, but it keeps a correspondent in New York.
For every n-tuple of complex numbers, there is exactly one monic polynomial of degree n that has them as its zeros (keeping multiplicities). This polynomial is given by multiplying all the corresponding linear factors, that is
According to an article in The Aspen Times, lead singer Eric D. Johnson's musical influences include 70s AM radio, which he listened to while growing up in Naperville, Illinois, and The Grateful Dead.
In 2009, the Welsh woodland charity Coed Cymru were invited to show a design in Washington, D.C.. Part of the Smithsonian Folklife Festival, it showcased Wales as the country of 2009.
This station is the final outbound terminus for services on the Larne Line.
In 1965 he was appointed by the government of Canada to head the Advisory Commission on the Development of Government in the Northwest Territories, which became known as the Carrothers Commission.
''A history of England and the British Empire,'' by Walter Phelps Hall and Robert Greenhalgh Albion, with the collaboration of Jennie Barnes Pope. (1937, 1946, 1971, 1984)
Like all United Kingdom building societies, it is a mutual organisation owned by its current members. It is a member of the Building Societies Association.
Nearly fifteen years after his accident, Johnson died at the age of 55 on January 21, 2016, at the care facility in Gresham.
While the clip is shot in a home environment, I envisioned it taking place in a hospital, where all these simultaneous deaths and births are going on, one family mourning the loss of a woman while a screaming baby emerges from a young mother in another room. Nobody's dying in the act of childbirth, as some viewers think. What you're seeing is actually a happy ending based on a kind of transference of life.
Metro was formed in 1899 as the Tabernacle-Metropolitan Club by parishioners of the local Baptist Church, and claims to Auckland's second-oldest existing club after North Shore United (which was founded in 1898).  The club shortened its name to Metropolitan in 1921. Following amalgamation with College United in 1929 it changed its name to Metro College; the name was finally shortened to Metro in 1986.
The Water Cube will be used for curling during the 2022 Winter Olympic Games.
The soldiers' destination is actually San Antonio, where the general intends to carry out a quixotic mission to "re-occupy" the Alamo. None of his men are aware of his plans, but without argument they do whatever they are told by Max's devoted Sergeant Valdez.
Mainwaring's men have been detailed to guard a captured German U-boat crew until a military escort arrives. When the escort is delayed, the platoon must house them in the church hall overnight. Pike rather stupidly starts singing a song where Hitler is called a twerp and the U-boat captain puts his name on a list for people who are to be captured when the Germans 'win ' the war.
1828 Lewis Cass and Henry Schoolcraft establish the Historical Society of Michigan.
Carr died in Ontario.
Lastly, the virtual memory system in most modern operating systems reserves a block of logical memory around address 0 as unusable. This means that, for example, a pointer to 0 is never a valid pointer and can be used as a special null pointer value. Unlike the previously mentioned techniques, this only allows a single special pointer value, not extra data for pointers generally.
"He has lost the descriptive encrustations that clogged some of his earlier work.  He is not free from clichet or the mournful pluperfects of rapid narrative infill, and many of his sentences are merely serviceable, laying themselves down like sleepers as a story moves quickly forward in pursuit of a single idea.  But there are also passages of great tightness and some wonderful images."
Promotional material included the video for the Njota Remix which was nominated for Best Foreign Video at the Born n Bred Music Awards 2014, losing out to Zone Fam's Translate.
John Mawurndjul (born 1952) is an Australian contemporary Indigenous artist. Mawurndjul's artwork is highly regarded internationally.  He uses traditional motifs in innovative ways to express spiritual and cultural values.
In 1844, he was elected to the 2nd Parliament of the Province of Canada representing the counties of  Lennox and Addington and he continued to serve in that role until 1854. He was appointed to the Legislative Council. In 1867, he was appointed to the Canadian Senate and died while still in office in 1880.
As the night continued, it was noted that the comedian was back at the bar almost constantly.  It is unknown whether he was refused service or whether he simply ran out of money but Feury approached a number of women and was asked by Dave Gibson to stop harassing other patrons.  He was taken back-stage again to prevent further embarrassment and collapsed in a drunken stupor.  Since this time, the policies on drinking and performing under the influence of any substance have been tightened.
The laboratory test procedures for determining the above oxygen demands are detailed in the following sections of the "Standard Methods For the Examination Of Water and Wastewater" available at www.standardmethods.org:
All footage showing Varan flying was removed in an attempt to make the monster more believable.
The Taensa were visited by French Catholic missionaries around the year 1700, who settled among the Taensa, Tunica people, and Natchez. In 1699, the Taensa had seven villages.  They lived along the Mississippi River south of the Tunica, near the Yazoo River.
A short haired breed of this dog with a very aggressive attitude towards any one who is not the care taker of the animal exists in Iran. Normally black or black and yellow color, it is called a "sage gorgy" (Wolf dog). This dog is used for home protection, farm animal protection, and other efforts. This dog is often kept as a solitary dog because of its aggressive temper.
Gaggi dropped out of school during the eighth grade and followed his father into the barber business. Gaggi also earned extra money delivering flowers, which he used for gambling. It was at this age that Gaggi learned the profitability of loansharking to gamblers.
Eastern Trans-Fly includes Meriam, located within the national borders of Australia, as well as Bine, Wipi (Gidra) and Gizrra.
In his career Stolle has won twenty-two ATP doubles titles, including one Grand Slam title (1998 U.S Open) and four Grand Slam finals.
Joyti De-Laurey, Britain's biggest female fraudster (and moreover, the daughter of the victim was herself an SHJS pupil).
The band released their debut album Raintown on 1 May 1987 in the United Kingdom. It was released in the United States in February 1988. The album was widely praised as Deacon Blue's finest work. Their second studio album, When The World Knows Your Name (1989), topped the UK Album Charts for two weeks, and included Real Gone Kid, which became their first UK top ten single.
Following the failure of the Cyberpunk album, Billy Idol did not produce another original album until 2005, 13 years later. However, this was not due to the failure of the album, but rather his dissatisfaction with his producers at Chrysalis Records. With the founding of Sanctuary Records, an independent record label Idol felt positive about, and the formation of a new band with Steve Stevens, Idol decided to produce Devil's Playground. Idol's later album featured a more power pop and classic rock sound similar to Idol's 80s style, and received middling reviews.
Fisher, Coate and Burgess; ''A Celebration of Mazes'' (1984) ISBN 0-948265-85-X.
Endust is a dusting aid produced by Nakoma Products. A dusting aid is sprayed on a dustcloth or dustmop, rather than directly on the furniture. 
On successful entry into the Harbour Police, new officers undergo an extensive training course to make sure they are well prepared to be a constable of the Harbour Police. At first there is a local induction into the daily operations of a large modern port. During this induction period the new officers spend time visiting external agencies with whom they will actively engage following completion of their residential training.
He played for British Guiana from 1943-44 to 1956-57, and toured India, Pakistan and Ceylon in 1948-49 as the reserve wicket-keeper with the West Indian team. His highest first-class score was 128, for British Guiana against Trinidad in 1953-54.
There is very little definite information about this saint; his earliest biographies (two in Latin and two in German), did not appear until after 1417. The name "Wendelin" means "wanderer" or "pilgrim" in Old High German.  The biographies state that Wendelin was the son of a Scottish king who lead a pious life as a youth before leaving his home in secret to make a pilgrimage to Rome. On his way back he settled as a hermit at Westrich in the Diocese of Trier. He entered the service of a wealthy landowner as a herdsman after he was criticized for his idle life, but a miracle led the landowner to allow him to return to his solitude.
The ff modifier in printf is not present in scanf, causing differences between modes of input and output. The ll and hh modifiers are not present in the C90 standard, but are present in the C99 standard.
The refurbishment of Town Hall.
Upon graduation from high school Long attended the College of William and Mary where he studied history and graduated in 1969, after spending many of his high school and undergraduate summers with his family at Manteo, North Carolina, where Mary, William, Robert, and Laura worked for Paul Green's outdoor drama, The Lost Colony. He then attended the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill to pursue a Ph.D. in art history.  At Chapel Hill he met visiting professor Betty Smith who suggested he apply to the design program at Yale University.  He left UNC and went to the Yale School of Drama to study set design.  It was here that he met Sigourney Weaver (his roommate at the time), Wendy Wasserstein, Meryl Streep, Christopher Durang, and Paul Rudnick, who were all also students at the university. While at Yale he studied under designer Ming Cho Lee, whom he has credited with being a major influence on his work.
Chapman played with North Coburg Saints Football Club which merged with Fawkner Park to become Northern Saints Football Club in the EDFL, he also played with the Calder Cannons in the TAC Cup.
His father, Teodor Cosma, was a pianist and conductor, his mother a writer-composer, his uncle, Edgar Cosma, composer and conductor, and one of his grandmothers, pianist, a student of the renowned Ferruccio Busoni.
In December of 1996, Cox Newspapers sold its newspaper holdings to Thomson Newspapers.
The names of the story's protagonists both reflect the nature of their change.  
Pluskal's career was ended by a knee injury in 1967. In the league he played 282 matches and scored 37 goals. He was a universal footballer, a good header of the ball, and he was famous for his slide tackles, with which he cleanly took the ball from his opponents. Although players often protested against this style of play, referees usually considered it to be within the rules. During his football career, this tireless fighter became an impenetrable shield, able to concentrate on what was needed. Off the field, he helped the team with his easy humour.
We... Are... The Mighty Camp Carlen,
The resolution was presented to Bishop Thomas on his birthday in the same year.
Research upon brain injury and fMRI link the orbitofrontal cortex to the processing of regret.
Weapon Specialist Evelyn Batton is Templar's assistant. She focuses on the technical aspects of the ISA's nuclear weapons and knows the codes to the nuclear weapon "Red Dust" which has been seized by the Helghast. She joins Alpha Squad to help reclaim it in one mission of the game.
Statistics do not include pre-season friendlies.
11 June 1976: Four British bases in Belfast were attacked with mortars and gunfire within minutes of each other. Several British soldiers were hurt and an IRA volunteer was shot.
Housing Revenue Account General Fund Contribution Limits (Scotland) Order 1996 S.I. 1996/115
Also, daily shuttle from Solapur to Pune known as Hutatma Express and one more daily super fast train Solapur to Mumbai via Pune known as Indrayani Express. Solapur is connected to NEW DELHI by means of Karnataka Express (runs daily) takes approximately 27hrs journey. Nearest airports are Pune, Mumbai and Hyderabad.
The un-sprung cart was a simple, sturdy, one-horse, two-wheeled vehicle used by roadmen, farmers and the like for small loads of relatively dense material like road metal or dung. In Australia and New Zealand, it is frequently called a dray. Elsewhere, that is a name occasionally used. The name dray is also used for a wagon.
From 1940 to 1979 she reviewed mysteries for the Albuquerque Tribune, the Los Angeles Times, te New York Herald-Tribune and other newspapers.
The success of "He Stopped Loving Her Today" led CBS Records to renew Jones' recording contract and sparked new interest in the singer.  Jones earned the Grammy Award for Best Male Country Vocal Performance in 1980. The Academy of Country Music awarded the song Single of the Year and Song of the Year in 1980. It also became the Country Music Association's Song of the Year in both 1980 and 1981.  The song became so synonymous with Jones that few singers dared to cover it. Jones recorded the song again with producer Keith Stegall for the 2005 album Hits I Missed...And One I Didn't.  A recording of Johnny Cash performing the song is featured on the 2003 collection Unearthed.
It established a system of parliamentary government, in which the president (chief of government) or lehendakari is elected by the Basque Autonomous Parliament among its members. Election of the Parliament is by universal suffrage and parliament consists of 75 deputies, 25 from each of the three Historic Territories of the community. The parliament is vested with powers over a broad variety of areas, including agriculture, industry; from culture, arts and libraries, to tax collection, policing, and transportation. Basque (as a right) and Spanish (as a right and duty) are official languages.
Robots built by Largo out of parts salvaged from dumpsters, as well as the TPCD's own stealthy wall-mounted phones and soda dispensers that he co-opted. They are used for protecting Megagamers and its surroundings, or guarding the "spawn points" (sewer gratings). These have now been left around the city, as seen in one filler art day later on in the series.  Their effectiveness is minimal.
His best innings and match figures came in 1956-57 against Otago in Dunedin, when he took 7 for 56 and 4 for 43 (match figures of 61.4-26-99-11) in a match that Otago nevertheless won.
Gangmaster Lin Liang Ren was found guilty of the manslaughter of at least 21 people (two further cocklers were thought to have been killed but their bodies were never found). Ren, his girlfriend Zhao Xiao Qing and his cousin Lin Mu Yong were also convicted of breaking immigration laws. Ren was sentenced to 12 years for manslaughter, 6 years for facilitating illegal immigration (to be served concurrently with the manslaughter sentence), and 2 years for conspiracy to pervert the course of justice (to be served subsequent to the manslaughter sentence). Lin Mu Yong was sentenced to four years and nine months. Zhao Xiao Qing was sentenced to two years and nine months for facilitation of illegal immigration and perverting the course of justice.
The training is designed for career preparation by Shenzhen Polytechnic Vocational Training Center.
It was Neiland's 4th career Grand Slam title and her 1st Australian Open title. It was Olhovskiy's 2nd and last career Grand Slam title and his only Australian Open title.
In October 1995 a Romanian court ruled that Carol was the legitimate son of King Carol II.
This ceremony was also shown in Star Trek Generations when Lt Worf was promoted to Lt Cmdr and dropped into the holographic ocean in the holodeck.
A subsequent appeal to the Indonesian Supreme Court to have the sentence reduced suffered on 6 September 2006 a shock when the death penalty was imposed on Chen, Nguyen, and Norman. Following a full confession by Chen during a subsequent appeal for leniency, the original sentence of life imprisonment being reinstated with some media reports that the Melasti Three could be released before 2020, subject to good behaviour.
Three men from South Africa competed at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, Italy.
La Brea Avenue ends just north of Franklin Avenue, at the foot of the Hollywood Hills in central Hollywood.
In the video game Fate/Grand Order, the Maze is Zhuge Liang's Noble Phantasm.
Following Malay classifications, early Europeans divided the Kubu into two categories: 'tame' or 'civilized' Kubu, who were predominantly swidden farmers, and 'wild' Kubu, who lived deep in the forests, and made much stronger efforts to avoid close relations with the outside world. While closely related to Malay speaking peoples, these peoples represent two separate cultural groups, which have different economic and socio-religious systems.
When timed correctly, this will decrease the afterload that the heart has to pump against, and increase the preload that fills the heart, increasing the cardiac output. In this way, ECP is similar to the intra-aortic balloon pump (IABP). Since it increases pressure in the aorta while the heart is relaxing (during diastole) ECP also increases blood flow into the coronary arteries, which also occurs during that phase.
Below is a list of newspapers published in Vatican City.
"''Tema e Variazioni op. 29''" (Vienna 1836)
Rushen (Rosien) is a sheading in the Isle of Man.
Miracle on Ice 1960 - http://www.usahockeymagazine.com/article/2010-02/original-golden-boys
After disappearing from television in mid 1997, Taylor moved to San Diego, California and remained out of the public eye for more than two years. She returned to Australia in August 1999 and revealed in an interview with Ray Martin that her disappearance was due to a nervous breakdown. In 2016 during an episode of I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! Taylor confirmed her abrupt disappearance in 1997 was due to being exhausted and stressed due to work pressures, along with the negative effect a falsely rumoured sex tape was having on herself and her family. Taylor described that time of her life as extremely difficult and explained that her mental instability and weaknesses were not talked about back then, but that she is not ashamed. 
A Corliss steam engine (or Corliss engine) is a steam engine, fitted with rotary valves and with variable valve timing patented in 1849, invented by and named after the American engineer George Henry Corliss of Providence, Rhode Island.
Bemba's defense argued that the legal procedures applied to Bemba's case were irregular, but on July 1 a Belgian court rejected this argument, making it possible to transfer Bemba to the ICC. Bemba's lawyer Aime Kilolo Musamba said that Bemba had "no fear of the ICC" and was "totally sure of his innocence", but he also said that Bemba would seek the intervention of the United Nations Security Council in hopes that it would demand the suspension of his case because he had "done a lot of work for peace". Meanwhile, MLC official Fyfy Osambia argued that "the matter has been politicised" and that people "close to President Kabila" were responsible for the complaint against Bemba. He said that Bemba should be allowed to go before the ICC without being a prisoner.
Some clearance merchandise is non-returnable at some stores, as the intent is of course to get rid of the items. This is especially the case with liquidation and store-closing sales. However, in many jusrisdictions such as the United Kingdom, consumers retain their usual rights during a sale, such as the right to return faulty goods (under the Sale of Goods Act 1979) and the right to return goods granted by the Distance Selling Regulations.
This special fund supports operations and equipment purchases for The Masonic Library and Museum of Pennsylvania, as well as the restoration and preservation of the Masonic Temple. As needs present themselves, the fund supports scholarships and disaster relief across the globe, to Masonic or non-Masonic recipients.
Ascherson has lectured and written extensively about Polish and Eastern Europe affairs.
A string of singles and albums followed; the second single, "Dear Ann", was such a success that Baker quit his job in the lemonade factory and became a full-time musician. Besides scoring hits with his own band, he also wrote songs for others, including BZN, The Shoes, Andy Star, and Next One. In 1974 singer Lida Bond joined the band, and combining her voice with Baker's proved highly successful.
A diplomatic mission was established in 1679; raised to an embassy in 1856.
Club de Baloncesto Sevilla was founded in 1987 when the team bought the seat of Dribling de Madrid. In 1989, the team promoted to Liga ACB, league where CB Sevilla never was relegated.
In some countries, consumers' cooperatives are known as cooperative retail societies or retail co-ops, though they should not be confused with retailers' cooperatives, whose members are retailers rather than consumers.
Caesar also placed a statue of his favourite horse in front of the temple. Following his assassination, a statue of Caesar riding this horse was added. Caesar (gens Julia) claimed descent from Venus through his ancestor Julus. The Temple of Venus Genetrix was completed after Caesar's assassination by Roman senators, which included lavish games in reference to Caesar's original dedication to the Forum. Caesar had plans for this temple well in advance, having dedicated the construction of a temple to Venus Victrix at the climactic Battle of Pharsalus in 48 BC, though never being able to see its completion. This original dedication was done because it was Pompey's favourite goddess, and Caesar hoped to gain the goddess's favour before the battle against Pompey.
Conversely, after the Supreme Court ruling in United States v. Thompson/Center Arms Co., modifying the pistol to accept the rifle barrel and/or stock, or modifying the rifle barrel or stock to fit the pistol is legal; just as long as you do not have the rifle stock attached at the same time as the pistol barrel. It is also legal to have the rifle barrel attached with the pistol grip.
In December 1990, he was appointed commander of the Soviet airborne troops. In August/December 1991, Grachev became the Soviet Union's First Deputy Minister of Defence during its break-up.
Society established the Eric P. Newman Graduate Seminar in Numismatics. This training program in numismatics takes places each summer and many of its alumni are now in academic positions.
There were no efforts to organize the party in the South, apart from St. Louis and a few areas adjacent to free states. The party initially had its base in the Northeast and Midwest.
The Clydebank District (Electoral Arrangements) Order 1983 S.I. 1983/1059
The LeMay-America's Car Museum is a museum in the city of Tacoma, Washington. A new museum facility adjacent to the Tacoma Dome opened on June 2, 2012. Most of the cars on display will be donated to the museum by the family of Harold LeMay.
Navapur is a nagar panchayat (municipality) and headquarters for Navapur Taluka in Nandurbar district, in the state of Maharashtra, India.
McEwen, Eoin H. 1957. "Birds Observed at Bathurst Inlet, Northwest Territories". ''Canadian Field-Naturalist''. 71, no. 3: 109-115.
Nokia entered the tablet space in May 2005 with the Nokia 770 running Maemo, a Debian-based Linux distribution custom-made for their Internet tablet line. The product line continued with the N900, with phone capabilities. The user interface and application framework layer, named Hildon, was an early instance of a software platform for generic computing in a tablet device intended for internet consumption. But Nokia didn't commit to it as their only platform for their future mobile devices and the project competed against other in-house platforms and later replaced it with the Series 60. Following the launch of the Ultra-mobile PC, Intel started the Mobile Internet Device initiative, which took the same hardware and combined it with a tabletized Linux configuration. Intel co-developed the lightweight Moblin (mobile Linux) operating system following the successful launch of the Atom CPU series on netbooks.
In the summer of 2014, Drum Corps International's Bluecoats Drum and Bugle Corps included Braxton's compositions Uffe's Woodshop and Platinum Rows in their second place musical program, TILT.
On 16 June 1940 the Lieutenant-Governors of each island were instructed to make available as many boats as possible to aid the evacuation of Saint-Malo. Guernsey was too far away to help at such short notice. The Bailiff of Jersey called on the Saint Helier Yacht Club in Jersey to help. Four yachts set off immediately, with 14 others being made ready within 24 hours. The first yachts arrived in Saint-Malo on the morning of 17 June and embarked troops from shore to waiting transport ships; the remaining yachts from Jersey arrived on 18 June and helped clear the last parties from land.
In 1940 Wilkins completed his B.Sc. in math. In order to improve his rapport with the nuclear engineers reporting to him, Wilkins later received both bachelor's and master's degrees in mechanical engineering from New York University in 1982 and 2001,28 thus earning five science degrees during his life.
Liiceanu is also a founding member of the Group for Social Dialogue (1990), President of the Romanian Publishers' Association (since 2000), and member of the scientific council of New Europe College. Between 1998 and 2001, he was a member of the Romanian National Television's Administrative Board.
In 1980, the Government gave its seal of approval to proceed with the construction of the Singapore Science Park. In 1982, Singapore Science Park I welcomed its first tenant, Det Norske Veritas (DNV).
JP justifies apartheid and its principles of separation by race as the 'best way' for South Africa to exist harmoniously. Anita, by contrast, has shifted from being a radical champion of white rule to concluding that a minority has no right to govern a majority.
Japan has been accused by authors such as journalist Yoichi Funabashi of having an "aversion to facing the potential threat of nuclear emergencies." According to him, a national program to develop robots for use in nuclear emergencies was terminated in midstream because it "smacked too much of underlying danger." Though Japan is a major power in robotics, it had none to send in to Fukushima during the disaster. He mentions that Japan's Nuclear Safety Commission stipulated in its safety guidelines for light-water nuclear facilities that "the potential for extended loss of power need not be considered." However, this kind of extended loss of power to the cooling pumps caused the Fukushima meltdown. 
One container, a little more than 16 ounces, will usually last a season. The process of creating the mud was featured in a pilot episode of the television show Dirty Jobs on the Discovery Channel. The story of Blackburne's Rubbing Mud was also featured on History Channel's Modern Marvels "Dirt Education" and "Amazing Job Countdown" episodes. Blackburne's contribution to the game has earned him a mention in the Baseball Hall Of Fame in Cooperstown, New York.
As the Civaka Cintamani was a Jain classic, Swaminatha Iyer went to the homes of learned member of the Jain community in Kumbakonam to get some doubts cleared. He also read the Jain epics and collated several manuscript versions and arrived at a correct conclusion. It was due to his efforts that the Cevaka Cintamani was published in 1887. From that time onwards, he began to search for Sangam classics with a view to editing and publishing them. After the Cevaka Cintamani, the Pattupattu was published.
Anaya served as President of Uruguay from 24 October 1834 to 1 March 1835, having succeeded Fructuoso Rivera in that office.
The spoken language is Peellands (an East Brabantian dialect, which is very similar to Standard Dutch).
''The Spiritual Pilgrims'' (C. Davies, Llandybie, 1969)
Gunn guest starred as himself on the 6th episode of CW's fourth season of Gossip Girl, "Easy J".
9. Oru Swaamiyaarudaey shaapam
A Black Moon Broods Over Lemuria, is Bal-Sagoth's 1995 debut album after their 1993 demo. The album was recorded in a two-week period in June 1994, but due to label problems the album was released almost a year later. The name Lemuria comes from a hypothetical land mass in the Indian Ocean.
Regarding his playing abilities, Sosonko points to his deep understanding of the game and a keen eye for brilliantly imaginative moves. It was as a tactician that he really excelled, delivering elegant combinations and unexpected tactical blows, that many thought were impossibly ambitious. He was also an accomplished and leading opening theorist; the inventor of the Levenfish Attack, a sharp variation of the Sicilian Defence, devised to combat Black's ever-popular Dragon set-up. It remains fully playable in modern practice.
Phosphines such as trimethylphosphine are important ligands in inorganic chemistry. Mainly owing to the utility of asymmetric synthesis, a variety of chiral diphosphines have been popularized, such as BINAP and DIPAMP. A large number of phosphine ligands including diphosphines are simply called "phos ligands".
The Coalition Government did give short extensions to NX-EA until Feb 2012. By then the Government granted the franchise to Abellio-Greater Anglia (AGA). AGA took over on 5 Feb 2012 and was extended to October this year (2016).
Later Petitclerc would adapt Hemingway's novel and wrote the screenplay for the film Islands in the Stream. Petitclerc worked for several newspapers including the San Francisco Chronicle and the Miami Herald.  In 1950, he became a Korean War correspondent for the Santa Rosa Press Democrat.
During the Pakistani floods of 2005, 300 troops of the United States as well as U.S. aircraft were deployed to Chaklala to aid in relief efforts. According to an anonymous source, the U.S. has a permanent military presence at Chaklala since late 2001 for handling logistics efforts and other movements in relation to the war in Afghanistan.
During his nine years of Major League Baseball service, all with the Yankees, he appeared in 846 games and hit .290 (.265 in 21 World Series games), with 108 regular-season home runs and 810 hits.
Aunt Julia discovers that Ukridge has pawned a clock from the spare room, to pay for gifts for Mabel, and kicks him out once more; Ukridge takes lodgings, but one day his hat is blown off and crushed in the street. Needing one for Ascot, he approaches George Tupper for a loan, but Tupper, annoyed at Ukridge for touching him twice in a week, proposes to find Ukridge a job, and fixes up a meeting with a friend of his who is after a secretary. Ukridge agrees, but on the way out picks up Tupper's topper.
Many of the student clubs and societies operated under the auspices of OUSA have long traditions within Otago University. The Otago University Debating Society pre-dates the association and it was members of this society who initiated the students' association in 1890. Other long-standing groups include the Otago University Tramping Club, the Otago University Rowing Club and the Otago University Medical Students Association. Today there are more than 100 clubs and societies affiliated to OUSA, representing the huge range of ethnicities, religions, politics, sports and interests of Otago students, from Otago University NORML to  Roleplaying to the Otago University Otago Muslim Students Association (MUSA).
The Bodhisattva ideal in Tibetan Buddhism involves the complete renunciation of oneself in order to take on the burden of a suffering world. The strongest motivation one has in order to take the path of the Bodhisattva is the idea of salvation within unselfish love for others.
AML which arises from a pre-existing myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS) or myeloproliferative disease (so-called secondary AML) has a worse prognosis, as does treatment-related AML arising after chemotherapy for another previous malignancy. Both of these entities are associated with a high rate of unfavorable cytogenetic abnormalities.
Establishing of Industrial centres such as SIPCOT,SIDCO.And connecting of KRP dam to Thumbhalahalli dam Via :Enkolpudur will increase the economy of the district.
A dipole enclosure in its simplest form is a driver located on a flat baffle panel, similar to older open back cabinet designs. The baffle's edges are sometimes folded back to reduce its apparent size, creating a sort of open-backed box. A rectangular cross-section is more common than curved ones since it is easier to fabricate in a folded form than a circular one. The baffle dimensions are typically chosen to obtain a particular low-frequency response, with larger dimensions giving a lower frequency before the front and rear waves interfere with each other. A dipole enclosure has a "figure-of-eight" radiation pattern, which means that there is a reduction in sound pressure, or loudness, at the sides as compared to the front and rear. This is useful if it can be used to prevent the sound from being as loud in some places as in others.
The climate is typical for a desert.  Higher elevations tend to be dry and cooler.  Lower elevations are also dry, but much warmer.
The New York Council proceeded to select Ingoldesby as the commander-in-chief of the colony until a successor for Sloughter, who died not long after the Leisler trial, could be appointed.  However, Benjamin Fletcher received the position instead.
Wilsons Run, the eastern stream, is sometimes considered a continuation of the main stream Byberry Creek.
Freemasonry in Sweden was introduced by the Swedish Order of Freemasons, founded in 1735 as the oldest still active Swedish fraternal order, working the Swedish Rite of Freemasonry. It is under royal patronage of the King of Sweden and closely associated with the Lutheran Church of Sweden. As a Regular Masonic jurisdiction for Christian men only, it is also recognised by the United Grand Lodge of England. Its total membership is about 16,500.
On Wednesday, February 10, 1943, a massive artillery bombardment of 1,000 Soviet guns and mortars descended on the Spanish lines at precisely 6:45. Shells, mortars and Katyusha rockets pounded the trenches, bunkers and dugouts which had been constructed to strengthen the eastern flank of Army Group North. At 8.45 hours, the bombardment shifted from the front line onto Krasny Bor itself, also striking the villages of Podolvo and Raikelevo (located east and southeast of Krasny Bor, respectively), the latter being the location of Infantes' forward command post.
Area of permanent crops: 23 ha.
Features m.c.A.T on vocals
In the championship game, UCLA jumped out to an early lead, but star players Sidney Wicks and Curtis Rowe struggled against Villanova's stingy zone defense.  Only the outside shooting of Henry Bibby and a career best 29 points from center Steve Patterson kept the Bruins in the lead. In the meantime, Villanova stars Howard Porter and Chris Ford overcame early struggles  to keep the Wildcats in the game.  Midway through the 2nd half, UCLA coach John Wooden ordered the Bruins to go into a 4 corner stall offense (there was no shot clock in college in 1971), a tactic he rarely employed.  Wooden said after the game he did so to bring Villanova out of their zone, and because he wanted to use the stage of the national championship game to show the NCAA that they should adopt a shot clock (something Wooden had long argued for). However, the tactic almost backfired as Villanova started forcing turnovers with an aggressive man to man defense. In addition, the stall took UCLA out of its offensive rhythm. Villanova closed the gap to 63-60 and had the ball with one minute to play. However, Porter missed a 15-foot off balance jumper, Wicks grabbed the rebound, and UCLA made 5 of 6 free throws down the stretch as they won 68-62.
South Bagma Samatalpara H.S. School.
Today, the term Durchmusterung includes not only stars but also the search for other celestial objects. Special tasks are the celestial scanning in electromagnetic wavelengths which are shorter or longer than visible light waves.
The 1971 to 1976 models were the largest Pontiacs ever built. The 1971-76 GM full-size bodies, at 64.3" front shoulder room and 63.4" rear shoulder room set a record for interior width that would not be matched by any car until the full-size GM rear-wheel drive models of the early to mid-1990s.
Having decided upon the adoption of certain proposals with regard to health protection and medical care for seafarers,...
Eventually Karas tracks down Muller. He explains that he took Ilona because through her research she has discovered the secret to eternal life (as he himself did 40 years ago); but knowing what the consequences would be if Avalon acquired such knowledge, he kidnapped her. Karas tries to encourage the old scientist to hand himself in but Muller is mistakenly shot by a police marksman. Karas then deduces that the mysterious old man is Muller's younger brother: now immortal but trapped in an elderly body.
Since the privatisation of British Rail, the franchise to run trains in this area has been held by three different companies. The first company to win the South Eastern franchise, on 14 October 1996, was Connex, which operated it under the name Connex South Eastern. Connex gained a reputation for unreliable services, but it was for "poor financial management" that its franchise was cut short by the Strategic Rail Authority (SRA) on 9 November 2003. Train services were then taken over by South Eastern Trains, a wholly owned subsidiary of the SRA/Department for Transport created for the purpose, until bidding for a new franchise was due. This would see the existing South Eastern franchise combined with the new high-speed services to be operated on High Speed 1 (formerly known as the Channel Tunnel Rail Link) to form a new Integrated Kent Franchise (IKF).
RNP APCH supports all leg types and path terminators used in standard RNAV, including TF and RF. RNP AR procedures support only two leg types:
Acorna's People (1999) is a fantasy or science fiction novel by Anne McCaffrey and Elizabeth Ann Scarborough. It was the third book published in the Acorna Universe series initiated by McCaffrey and Margaret Ball in Acorna: The Unicorn Girl (1997); McCaffrey and Scarborough have extended the series through ten books as of 2011.
India's second financial hub after the Bandra-Kurla Complex in Mumbai, is under construction at New Town in the northeastern fringes of the city. Spread over 300 acres, the financial hub will house several banking and financial institutions, insurance companies and stock exchanges apart from hospitality and educational institutions. Within three months of laying the foundation stone of the project, the Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation (HIDCO) has handed over plots to five nationalized banking and financial institutions; State Bank of India,UCO Bank, United Bank, UTI Mutual Fund and Industrial Financial Corporation of India (IFCI).
Olivea was also a member of the New York Giants, Florida Tuskers and Virginia Destroyers.
One of the other major roles of this cruiser type is to hunt down and destroy enemy aircraft carriers, and other heavy ships. Her SA-N-6 Grumble long-range SAMs can defend an entire strike group against enemy aircraft and missiles.
Although Rainach's legislative record shows him to have been consistently opposed to the Long program, there is little to indicate that his conservatism was calculated to make a major place for him in the political circles traditionally opposed to the Longs. His effective appeal is... as a past national president of the White Citizens' Council. He served as the chairman of the joint legislative "watchdog" committee on segregation from its inception until he ran for governor. From these positions, he was able to command something of an organization and to project himself as the premier guardian of "the southern way of life" on every occasion possible. Whether the single issue of preserving segregation could... carry a man to the governor's office... was a subject for considerable discussion during the primary campaign.
Growing up, Desmond noted the absence of professional hair- and skin-care products for black women, and set her sights on addressing the need. Being of African descent, Viola Desmond was not allowed to train to become a beautician in Halifax, so she left and received beautician training in Montreal, Atlantic City, and one of Madame C.J. Walker's beauty schools in New York. Upon finishing her training, Viola Desmond returned to Halifax to start her own hair salon. Her clients included Portia White and a young Gwen Jenkins, later the first black nurse in Nova Scotia.
In Catbird catalog numbering, 'CSP' ("Catbird Special Projects) denotes a special release of some kind, or a co-release with another label, typically wherein Catbird provides a limited special-edition version of an album with a larger-scale release.  Co-releases: 
The album is dominated by two lengthy tracks, "White Bird", by Mike Heron, and "Creation", by Robin Williamson. The two songs comprise more than half of the 50 minute length of the album; lyrics are given only for the pair of songs. Changing Horses comes after the success the band achieved in 1968 with their albums, The Hangman's Beautiful Daughter and Wee Tam and the Big Huge. The ISB was one of the top folk groups in England, and, despite respectable chart listings, the album was generally received as a disappointment in comparison to the band's earlier work. Still, "Creation" and "White Bird" are deemed to be instrumental, and lyrical highlights of the band's music catalogue as they displayed several of the group's strengths.
The property however remained in use by the County as a textbook storage facility and by truant students looking for a quick smokesess.
In July 2010 he was selected to be the J-5, Deputy to the Commander for Planning, at ISAF (International Security Assistance Forces) Headquarters in Kabul, Afghanistan. Additionally, McMaster directed a joint anti-corruption task force (CJIATF-Shafafiyat) at ISAF Headquarters.
The tiger stripes of Enceladus consist of four sub-parallel, linear depressions in the south polar region of the Saturnian moon. First observed on May 20, 2005 by the Cassini spacecraft's Imaging Science Sub-system (ISS) camera (though seen obliquely during an early flyby), the features are most notable in lower resolution images by their brightness contrast from the surrounding terrain.  Higher resolution observations were obtained by Cassini's various instruments during a close flyby of Enceladus on July 14, 2005.  These observations revealed the tiger stripes to be low ridges with a central fracture.  Observations from the Composite Infrared Spectrometer (CIRS) instrument showed the tiger stripes to have elevated surface temperatures, indicative of present-day cryovolcanism on Enceladus centered on the tiger stripes.
As 4.0r was being released, Rational Software Corporation negotiated its purchase from Microsoft in 1996. Version 6 (5 was skipped) from Rational incorporated support Microsoft Active Accessibility (MSAA), support for HTML and Web pages and ability to read and change the Windows Registry. Version 6 provided support for Windows 98 and NT 5.0, which eventually became Windows 2000.
6.7. Mix Me A Marriage (14 September 1971)
Area of permanent crops: 41 ha.
Elosha attended Roslin's ceremony when she took the position of President of the Colonies after President Adar and his cabinet were confirmed to have been killed back on Caprica. She later presided over ceremonies aboard Galactica for those killed in the sneak attack and confirmed what the scriptures stated about the lost colony of Earth which Commander Adama said he knew the location of.
"shall I say that this or that was the greater fault?" with ''il'''lam dica'''m'' echoing the forbidden word. Note that the "m" at the end of "illam" was pronounced like "n" before the following "d."
The son of Governor Paul Dillingham, William P. Dillingham was born on December 12, 1843 in Waterbury, Vermont.  He attended the public schools, Newbury Seminary in Montpelier, Vermont and Kimball Union Academy in Meriden, New Hampshire.  In 1866 he served as Secretary of Civil and Military Affairs (chief assistant) during his father's governorship.  He also studied law with his brother in law Matthew H. Carpenter and was admitted to the bar in 1867.
Since 2007, Gyngell played Father Harris on the ABC comedy The Librarians.
2008: The migration from 2-stroke to 4-stroke was finally complete when the 4-stroke 125cc class was introduced for the Expert category.
Gandhi. He was a Member of Parliament for three terms from 1984 till 2002, served on several committees of Parliament. He was appointed twice, in 1980 and 2004, as a member of the National Integration Council chaired by the prime minister.
The 2006 National Invitation Tournament was the first time the tournament was planned and operated by the NCAA, taking over after 68 years under the auspices of the Metropolitan Intercollegiate Basketball Association (MIBA).  The 2006 NIT also saw changes made to the selection process as well as being the first time the NIT seeded the participants. The South Carolina Gamecocks won the second straight NIT title.
At the request of the Under Secretary of War, the Army Audit Agency was established on 12 November 1946 with the issuance of General Order No. 135. The Agency was placed under the jurisdiction of the Chief of Finance and tasked with maintaining appropriation and fund accounting, maintaining military property accountability, and auditing the accounts of the American Red Cross.
Curtis signed with the Baltimore Ravens on September 22, 2009. He was released on October 13, to make room for wide receiver David Tyree.
He is born in Dallas County, Texas as a son of Jean Baptiste Adoue, Sr. and Mittie Neosha "Simpson" Adoue who had four children. In 1906, he graduated in law from the University of Texas at Austin and with that he went back to his home town to practice law for the following year before working with Adoue Sr. at the National Bank of Commerce (formerly known as Flippen, Adoue, and Lobit which changed when his father became president in 1892). He went on to marry Hester Ann Allen on October 12, 1909 who gave him two children. At that institution, in 1924, he followed his father's steps to become president at his father's death (by suicide in his home on June 24). After Ms. Allen died, he re-married on May 12, 1937, his second wife with whom he had no kids was Mary J. Wilson. From 1939 to 1947 he was president of the Dallas Chamber of Commerce for which he financially strengthen earning him the Linz Award for community service in 1943.
On 18 May 2015, the HoSE joined the United Nations Sustainable Stock Exchanges (SSE) initiative as part the SSE's regional dialogue in Bangkok hosted by the Stock Exchange of Thailand.
A campus of Northern Lakes College is located in Wabasca. The college provides part-time and full-time programming for adult upgrading, apprenticeships, university studies, workforce development, and other careers.
Collectively the calyx and corolla form the perianth (see diagram).
The readership for Nature Chemical Biology, which also functions as a forum, are researchers in the chemical and life sciences. Besides original research articles, this journal also publishes reviews, perspectives, highlights of research in this and other journals, correspondence, and commentaries.
According to the Bamboo Annals, Tai Kang took the throne in the year of Guiwei. His capital was in Zhenxun. In his first year, while he went hunting beyond the Luo, Houyi came and occupied Zhunxun.
In December 2000, THSRC decided to award the contract to the rival Taiwan Shinkansen Consortium, leading to a legal battle ending in damage payments for Eurotrain in 2004.
Saravanan is also exploring inspiration from other genres of classical music from Hindustani to Western classical with even showing interest in Greek, Persian, and Chinese music to reach a yet higher level of performance in his concerts without altering the very fabric of Carnatic music.
Classical Education often will introduce writing composition earlier and teaches it as a separate subject, while Mason depends on oral narration and a smooth transition into written narration in later grades without studying composition as a separate subject until the upper years.
Old name for Zaibunnisa Street is Elphinstone Street and it is right next to another popular and famous shopping area of Karachi, called Bohri Bazaar.
Victorino became a starting player when he replaced Bobby Abreu midway through the 2006 season, in right field.
Nicknamed "The Surgeon" for his ability to cut out the opposition's attacks and launch into an incisive midfield run, the classy, composed sweeper started his career with Red Star Belgrade culminating in a European Champions Cup encounter against A.C. Milan. 
Croshaw studied initially with Harold Craxton through an award from the composer Arthur Benjamin and was later awarded a full scholarship to study at the Royal Academy of Music, London, with Vivian Langrish and Gordon Green. As a student she received many major awards and prizes culminating in  the coveted Chappell Gold Medal
The test is made up of three mandatory and two optional sections. The reading, listening, grammar and vocabulary sections are mandatory and must be taken together, while the writing and speaking sections are optional and can be taken separately.
Debit or credit card. Annual payment.
In 1996, Jerry Hadley commissioned the composer Daniel Steven Crafts to create music for selected poems by Carl Sandburg. The work, The Song and The Slogan, premiered in 2000 at the University of Illinois, and was made into a PBS video, which won an Emmy Award for Best Musical Performance by the Mid-America Chapter of the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences. Among the performers in the premiere were University professors and musicians with whom he had worked while a student, including pianist Eric Dalheim, conductor Paul Vermel, and cellist Barbara Hedlund.
On February 3, 2005, WRTP and its sister AM stations ceased broadcasting the "His Radio WRTP" Christian format on AM, but WRTP still continues on a number of frequencies on FM 24 hours a day. After a day off-air, the three stations resumed broadcasting a regional Mexican format on February 4, 2005, with AM 1530 adopting the new call letters WLLQ. 
3.	The rights of all persons to use either official language in court applies to artificial persons such as corporations;
Mayo people originally lived near the Mayo River and Fuerte River valleys. The Mayo sustain themselves mainly by agriculture and fishing, but also create artwork and crafts.
Another General Election was required to take place before the end of 1915. The political parties had been making preparations for an election to take place and by the July 1914, the following candidates had been selected; 
The 35th Tactical Fighter Wing reactivated at George Air Force Base, California, on October 1, 1971, where it replaced the 479th Tactical Fighter Wing.  The wing's mission at George was to take over the mission of training F-4 flight crews.  Its operational squadrons (Tail Code: GA) were:
In 1999, the abolition of the language rule, which had required all countries to sing in their official languages, brought a return to success for Denmark, when Michael Teschl and Trine Jepsen finished 8th with "This Time I Mean It".
Eclipse - a dark brown colt with a white blaze, initially beaten by Black Minx, who soon matures into a powerful contender who takes on older, more experienced horses and becomes almost an equal to the Black's fame and speed.
The most common example is that of having a fixed work start time: if someone starts work at 0900 but actually arrives at 0850, they are incurring a schedule delay of 10 minutes. Alternative examples might include public transport - if a bus is scheduled to depart from a stop at 20-minute intervals (e.g. 0800, 0820, 0840) and a person wishes to begin their journey between those intervals (e.g. at 0815), they incur a schedule delay through having to retime their departure from the desired 0815 point to the bus departure time of 0820.
However, New Zealand also includes many offshore islands, some of which contained species rare or extinct on the mainland because introduced pests could not reach them.
a. R100 - LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT IN CYCLING COACHING Fall 2006 2nd 8 weeks
It is strange that Dupin should have called him minus nitidus ac politus, for both in the words he employs and in their order he almost incurs the blame of preciosity. He is as strict as Cyprian as to the metrical cadences at the close of every sentence. 
The next day, during a ceremony to honour the New Lords, the slaves rebel. Tomi is taken prisoner but manages to escape and hide in a garbage chute. However, when the soldiers arrive to gas his captors, Tomi loses consciousness and slides down the chute, emerging outside the City in a rapidly flowing river.
Each year the magazine's writers and critics compiled a list of the best hiphop albums of the year in addition to a readers poll.
Spiritual, artistic and entertainment activities in and around the Institute are varied and shared by students and staff, with the financial support of TEI Crete. Personal care and advice is provided to new incoming students by the International Office and skilled staff at the Schools.
The farmer owned his land.
Sites within Carthage and other Phoenician centres such as Motya, near Sicily, revealed the remains of male children under the age of five. There was no evidence of disease in the bones that survived cremation.
The Agricultural Act of 1954 (P.L. 83-690) is a United States federal law that, among other provisions, authorized a Commodity Credit Corporation reserve for foreign and domestic relief.
In 1143, George founded the Greek Orthodox church of S. Maria dell'Ammiraglio, also known as the Martorana, in Palermo. In the church there is a contemporary mosaic depicting George, as well as a famous mosaic representing Roger II being crowned by Christ.
In recent years, Kampung Baru also played a central role in the Reformasi protests of 1998, when former deputy premier Anwar Ibrahim launched protests against then premier Mahathir Mohamad, calling for reforms to government and the judiciary.
'''Highest partnership''': '''''137''''' for the 3rd wicket by '''''H Masakadza''''' and '''''T Taibu''''' for Zimbabwe against Pakistan on 24 January 2008.
"For pure will, unassuaged of purpose, delivered from the lust of result, is every way perfect." (AL I:44).
1959 - ASTM Charles B. Dudley Medal
The seat of Gladstone consists of the city of Gladstone and the towns of the former Shire of Calliope. This includes the town of Calliope, and the localities of Ambrose, Benaraby, Boyne Island, Builyan Mount Larcom, Tannum Sands and Ubobo.
Later in the month, he made the first official maximum break of his career in the Antwerp Open during a last 32 defeat against Mark Selby.
Little else is known of Lee, and her recordings with Patton are the only documents of her voice. The album, Masters of the Delta Blues:The Friends of Charlie Patton contains some of her work.
Measure variations in radio waves for radio science experiments.
The song is featured in the 1973 film American Graffiti as the closing credits roll, although the movie is set in the summer of 1962, two years before the song's release.
"Don't Hurt My Little Sister" is a song composed and written by Brian Wilson with additional lyrics by Mike Love for the American rock band the Beach Boys. It was released on their 1965 album The Beach Boys Today!. Its lyrics are based on Wilson's complicated feelings for his wife Marilyn and her younger sisters.
-The first group of Form 7 Arts students took the Hong Kong Advanced Level Examination.
The single was certified platinum by the RIAJ for 400,000 copies shipped to stores.
Felix Fechenbach, Im Haus der Freudlosen, J. H. W. Nachfolger, Berlin 1925.
Kaijiangosaurus (meaning "Kiijiang lizard") is a genus of carnivorous tetanuran theropod dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic of China.
Fundin received the Svenska Dagbladet Gold Medal in 1961 (shared with Sten Lundin).
The New Catholic Encyclopedia (NCE) is a multi-volume reference work on Roman Catholic history and belief edited by the faculty of The Catholic University of America. It was intended by the faculty to become, like its predecessor the 1914 Catholic Encyclopedia, a standard reference work for students, teachers, librarians, journalists, and general readers interested in the history, doctrine, practices, and people of the Catholic faith. However, unlike its predecessor, it also contained more general articles on science, education, and the liberal arts. The NCE was originally published by McGraw-Hill in 1967.  A second edition, which gave up the articles more reminiscent of a general encyclopedia, was published in 2002 and was listed as one of the Library Journal's "Best Reference Sources" for 2003.
Joint Task Force Guantanamo.
Dr. Lui Sun Wing
J.R. Russ was elevated to Program Director and the station maintained a live on-air staff including Jim Nowicki in mornings (and earlier, Guy Michaels), Joe Kozma, Aaron Christopher (Russ' alter ego) Tim White, Dave Prescott (radio name of the late Joseph Skurzewski), Lynn Dixon, Ray Rogers, News Director Bruce Allen, Dave Teresa and Sports Director Walt Hankin. 
By 452 BCE he had united central Sicily and founded the city of Palice, the seat of his power, near the Lacus Palicorum, then two holy crater lakes and site of a temple to the Sicel gods of Palici.  The city grew quickly as it became a place of refuge for runaway slaves.  Ducetius then conquered Aetna, southwest of Mount Etna, before moving into Agrigentum.
In 1581 the abbey was honoured by a visit from Saint Charles Borromeo. In 1617 it became a member of the newly formed Swiss Congregation (now part of the Benedictine Confederation).
Guest obtained his BA in Philosophy (1971) and his LLB at the University of Otago, his BLitt at University College, Oxford (1978) under Professor Ronald Dworkin, and his Ph.D. at University College London (1991). 
The 74th Motor Rifle Brigade of the Russian Ground Forces is based here.
Forever Odd is a 2005 novel by Dean Koontz, and the sequel to Odd Thomas. The plot takes place six months after the events of Odd Thomas.
Francisco Javier "Javi" Vicente Navarro (born 6 February 1974) is a Spanish retired footballer.
During season eight of American Idol, Vote for the Worst's longest running contestant was Megan Joy, a quirky singer from Utah who made bird noises. The site also posted pictures of popular contestant Adam Lambert kissing another man, leading the general public to question Adam's sexuality due to the fact that he had not discussed this topic on the show. Bill O'Reilly ran Vote for the Worst's pictures of Adam during a news segment, but the show cropped the pictures to eliminate the actual kiss.
Herzhorn was the seat of the former Amt ("collective municipality") Herzhorn.
Full Squads Hemeroteca Mundo Deportivo 24.5.1934 Pag. 2
More recently it supported the 2006 Loktantra Andolan. 
Traditionally, pra jiads were kept in high or well reverend places, as it was thought that if someone stepped over it, or dropped it, it would lose its mystical power.
The "Heian Chapter" is set in the middle of the Heian period, where the people of the capital of Kyoto are in deep agony, focusing their last hopes on the retrieval of the five magatama that represent the five elements (Metal, Wood, Water, Fire and Earth). Legend has it that when the magatama are laid together, their circle of Affinity will save the capital from suffering and whoever places the last stone is to become the emperor.
The 12th Los Angeles Film Critics Association Awards were announced on 13 December 1986 and given on 29 January 1987.
Reveal made major contributions to the systematics of Polygonaceae subfamily Eriogonoideae, and other families. For his many contributions to botany, seven species and one genus have been named in his honor (patronyms).
Willis played in six games of the 2014 season hampered by a nagging toe injury. He made the decision to end his season on November 11 and undergo season-ending surgery on his nagging left big toe, which bothered him for several previous seasons. The 49ers placed Willis on the injured reserve list soon after the surgery.
The 12th National Board of Review Awards were announced on 22 December 1940.
The Grimsby District Light Railway (GDLR) was one of three standard gauge railways, all part of the Great Central Railway, promoted by the latter to connect the wider world to Immingham Dock which it built in the early Twentieth Century on an almost uninhabited, greenfield site on the south bank of the Humber, England.
The paper is published every Tuesday, and is owned by Isle of Man Newspapers, which is now part of Johnston Press.
The Rural Doctors Society has been critical of Jaruvan for the lack of transparency of state audits.  As a result, Jaruvan demanded that the Ministry of Public Health investigate the Society.
DEVELOPING COUNTRIES AND THE CHALLENGE OF CLIMATE CHANGE, International Conference on Environment: Survival and Sustainability.
During the night of the 24th, Benbow engaged one of the enemy ships alone and had his right leg wrecked by a chain shot, returning to the quarter-deck as soon as it could be dressed. Flag-Captain Fogg ordered the other captains of the squadron to keep the line of battle; in response, Captain Kirkby of Defiance came aboard and told Benbow, "You had better desist, the French are very strong." Finding the other captains largely of the same opinion, Benbow broke off and returned to Jamaica.
Thou dost unfold to me.
In 2015, Cuba became the first country to eradicate mother-to-child transmission of HIV and syphilis, a milestone hailed by the World Health Organization as "one of the greatest public health achievements possible".
"Locksley Hall" is also the source of the title of Colum McCann's 2009 novel, Let the Great World Spin.
Jakob Kellenberger, Politicisation of humanitarian work? in: the Humanitarian Response Index 2010, DARA, Madrid 2010
The Medan Damansara neighbourhood consisting of two storey link houses were built in 1972.
Today, Ireland has a number of animation studios that produce television and commercial animation, as well as feature films and co-productions. Cartoon Saloon, founded in 1999 by Paul Young and Tomm Moore, is among the most prolific. It has produced the award-winning TV series Skunk Fu! as well as a feature film, 2009's The Secret of Kells, animated primarily with Traditional paper and pencil hand drawn animation and detailing a fictitious account of the creation of the Book of Kells. The film was nominated at the 82nd Academy Awards for Best Animated Feature. Cartoon Saloon has more feature films in production, including Song of the Sea, released in 2014.
The High Court of Australia also looked to the provision's unconstitutionality with respect to s51(xxxi) the "acquisition of property on just terms" provision. The problem with acquisition arose out of the Act's sections detailing the appointment of new directors  for all private banks with the power to control, manage, direct and dispose of assets of those banks. The court held, per Dixon J at 348-51 that this was a "circuitous device to acquire indirectly the substance of proprietary interest."
Mahaney was born in Maryland into a Roman Catholic household, the middle child of five. He was the son of a metalworker in Takoma Park, Maryland. As a child, he was more interested in sports than God. Mahaney attended Springbrook High School in Silver Spring, Maryland. He reports having been converted in 1972 at age 18 by a friend who shared his faith. He says that a newspaper ad motivated him to join a local prayer meeting known as Take and Give, which evolved into Covenant Life Church.
Kisharon has a range of resources that cater for the needs of these people, young and old. Tuffkid Nursery is a nursery both for children with special needs and those who are mainstream. Kisharon Day School caters for children up to the age of 19, at which point they can move to Kisharon Adult Services.  Kisharon's Asher Loftus Business Centre offers vocational training and experience, with a variety of small businesses run by the students.  Kisharon also offers a small number of residential opportunities for men and women, including  Eagle Lodge and the Hanna Schwalbe Home. A variety of services are also offered through Hackney Community Inclusion.
Procynosuchidae,  along with Dviniidae, were the earliest cynodonts. They appeared around 260 million years ago, and were most abundant during the latest Permian time (251 mya), shortly before the Permian-Triassic extinction event. Despite being the basal member of the cynodont clade, they already showed some of the advanced mammalian characteristics, but Procynosuchids bore resemblance to the Therocephalians. 
I.K.U. premiered at the 2000 Sundance Film Festival. It was the first pornographic film ever screened in the festival.
After the shooting incident of Taiwanese fisherman by Philippine government vessel on 9 May 2013 at the disputed water in South China Sea, speaking at Taipei City Hall, Hau urged the ROC government to take action against the Philippines by suspending all exchanges with them, banning the recruitment of their workers, sending naval ships and extending their patrol beyond the exclusive economic zone to protect Taiwanese fishermen, retracting its invitation to the Philippines for attending the 2013 Dragon Boat Festival (which was scheduled to take place in June), bringing the killers to justice, compensating the family of the shooting victim, and suspending the donation of two ROC ambulances to the Philippines. He also advised Taipei residents not to travel to the Philippines.
George Washington "G. W." Bridge is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. He is a former mercenary and high-ranking agent of S.H.I.E.L.D..
Purdie started working with Aretha Franklin as musical director in 1970 and held that position for five years, as well as drumming for Franklin's opening act, King Curtis and The King Pins. In 1970 he performed with both bands at the Fillmore West; the resulting live recordings were released as Aretha Live at the Fillmore West (1971) and King Curtis's Live at Fillmore West (1971).  His best known track with Franklin was "Rock Steady", on which he played what he described as "a funky and low down beat". Of his time with Franklin he once commented that "backing her was like floating in seventh heaven".
He was born in Monroe County, Iowa, and graduated from Indiana University in 1886.  
In the 1930s Santa Rosa had a small municipal airfield owned by Richfield Oil Corporation next to the Redwood Highway about 6 miles southeast of the present airport. Use of the 3,000-foot sod runway at the earlier airfield was discontinued during World War II as facilities at the present airport improved.
In 1941 the PNF's Mediterraneanists through the influence of Giacomo Acerbo put forward a comprehensive definition of the Italian race. However these efforts were challenged by Mussolini's endorsement of Nordicist figures with the appointment of staunch spiritual Nordicist Alberto Luchini as head of Italy's Racial Office in May 1941, as well as with Mussolini becoming interested with Julius Evola's spiritual Nordicism in late 1941. Acerbo and the Mediterraneanists in his High Council on Demography and Race sought to bring the regime back to supporting Mediterraneanism by thoroughly denouncing the pro-Nordicist Manifesto of the Racial Scientists. The Council recognized Aryans as being a linguistic-based group, and condemned the Manifesto for denying the influence of pre-Aryan civilization on modern Italy, saying that the Manifesto "constitutes an unjustifiable and undemonstrable negation of the anthropological, ethnological, and archaeological discoveries that have occurred and are occurring in our country". Furthermore, the Council denounced the Manifesto for "implicitly" crediting Germanic invaders of Italy in the guise of the Lombards for having "a formative influence on the Italian race in a disproportional degree to the number of invaders and to their biological predominance". The Council claimed that the obvious superiority of the ancient Greeks and Romans in comparison with the ancient Germanic tribes made it inconceivable that Italian culture owed a debt to ancient Aryan Germans. The Council denounced the Manifesto's Nordicist supremacist attitude towards Mediterraneans that it claimed was "considering them as slaves" and was "a repudiation of the entire Italian civilization".
By year end, despite the nearly full list it began the year with, the FBI again had a very productive year of new captures, and added a total of an additional nineteen new Fugitives.
In 1915, the major fleet action was the failed Allied attempt to knock the Ottoman Empire out of the war by an attack on Constantinople. The Allies needed to pass the Dardanelles strait in order to supply Russia. The Battle of Gallipoli lasted for most of the year but was unsuccessful. An initial naval assault was defeated by mines and coastal fortresses, and the subsequent land assault was also defeated, but with heavy casualties on both sides.
Glover was born in Greenville, South Carolina, the biological son of major-league baseball player Ron Musselman and Hershey Hendley. After Musselman and Hendley separated and divorced, Musselman fell behind on child support payments and went more than six months without seeing his son. Musselman ultimately lost custody of his son and was barred from seeing him until his son turned 18. Meanwhile, Hendley remarried to Jim Glover, and Lucas Glover today only recognizes his stepfather, Jim Glover, as his father.
The roof was part of the setting of the music video of Finnish rock band Poets of the Fall's 2010 single Dreaming Wide Awake.
'''Guest Maze Entrance''' - To increase the length of time taken for celebrities to reach the desk, a short maze is erected between the entry point and the desk. An overhead camera shows the guests' progression through the maze.
The Weather Star XL receives raw video data from The Weather Channel and weather statements from the National Weather Service, as well as forecasts from an Internet connection. It sends back monitoring data to The Weather Channel. Its crawl controller (which manages the text for local advertising) is accessible via a modem and terminal/terminal emulator. In Latin America, TWC only used satellite to deliver the service.
Taking three years to compile information, The Charlton Standard Catalogue of Canadian Paper Money, 1st edition published in 1980 and The Charlton Standard Catalogue of Canadian Government Paper Money, 1st edition was published in 1984. The former publication was published with an impressive 820 pages due to the fact that The Charlton Press incorporated banknotes from over 152 Chartered Banks in Canada as well as a section on Merchant Scrip.
Footage of a 1964 interview between Parkinson and the Rolling Stones' frontman Mick Jagger is used in American pop rock band Maroon 5's 2011 single "Moves like Jagger".
Tyler MacNiven is an American filmmaker and reality television contestant.
After the war, Neville was an inspector of revenue under the excise laws, which the newly formed United States Congress imposed on distilled spirits to help pay for the cost of the Revolutionary War. There were two methods of paying the whiskey excise: paying a flat charge or paying by the gallon. The tax effectively favored large distillers, most of whom were based in the east, who produced whiskey in volume and could afford the flat fee. Western farmers who owned small stills did not usually operate them at full capacity, so they ended up paying a higher tax per gallon.  Thus, large producers ended up paying a tax of about 6 cents per gallon, while small producers were taxed at about 9 cents per gallon.
The Tjaynera Falls is a waterfall on the Sandy Creek that is located within the Litchfield National Park in the Northern Territory of Australia. 
Whitley was born in Atlanta, Georgia. He began his singing career in New York City in 1930. He had traveled to New York where he became a construction worker on the Empire State Building and the George Washington Bridge. While working as a steel worker, he heard of an audition at a local radio station.  He was hired as a pop singer and learned a few chords on a guitar to back himself.  Soon he was backed by professional musicians, including the Frank Luther Trio.   He formed "The Range Ramblers" and began to broadcast on WMCA. He then traveled with the World Championship Rodeo Organisation, under the ownership of Colonel Johnson, renaming his band "Ray Whitley and The Six Bar Cowboys." Whitley was skilled in the use of the bullwhip, and could remove a cigarette from a man's lips with a single stroke, using either hand.
Corbett was its proprietor from 1872 to 1877 when he bought control with others after its publisher Henry Pittock had run into financial difficulties. He subsequently sold it back to him when these were resolved.
In the 1972 film, The Poseidon Adventure, the ship is in the Mediterranean on her final voyage, which will take her to the breaker's yards in Greece, when an undersea earthquake produces a rogue wave that capsizes the ship just after midnight on New Year's Eve. The film uses the RMS Queen Mary as a stand-in for Poseidon, using actual onboard locations as well as model shots. The captain (Leslie Nielsen) complains about Poseidon being top-heavy and hence vulnerable to capsizing by tsunamis, and he makes clear his intent to take on ballast, but the representative of the owners refuses to allow this and indeed, orders him to proceed at full speed, threatening to fire him and replace him with another officer. Of the hundreds aboard, no more than a handful survive.
Human sexuality scholar Cindy Patton observed that the female bodybuilders in Women's Physique World are shown as "fresh-faced girls who seem to have accidentally produced their specialized shape".
Project Phobos is a lightweight, scripting-friendly, web application environment running on the Java platform.
Well behind the other teams, Keith Brown fell in the swamp, injuring himself. He had to be removed by ambulance. With teams having the option to cut a player, it appeared that the remaining Brown Family members would be able to continue. At the end of the episode, no teams had completed the leg. Team Geniuses members Charles and Francis were in the boat, still contemplating whether to cut Sam, and Team Brown Family had not yet reached the boats.
According to the Audit Bureau of Circulations, the paper had an average weekly circulation of 10,315 during 2005.
AGC 7 sailed again, 27 October 1953, for her third tour of duty in the Korean War area, arriving Yokosuka 16 November. From then until her departure for the States 30 July 1954, she was involved in fleet and amphibious exercises off Japan, Korea, and Taiwan. After arrival in San Diego 18 August, the remainder of the year was spent in local operations and a month-long training exercise off Hawaii in October.
They are sturdy plants and do not need to be staked.
The EP received positive reviews.  Writing for AllMusic, critic Vincent Jeffries awards the EP three out of five stars and described the band as "pounding out light-speed skate punk as singer Mr. Chi Pig warbles, hoots, and hollers his bizarre lyrics."  Jeffries concludes that the EP is "one of SNFU's stronger '90s releases."  Writing for PopMatters, reviewer Andrew Johnson praises the EP for its contribution to SNFU's longevity, noting that the band is "still into playing at breakneck speed, making a lot of melodic noise and focusing more energy into one song than a lot bands manage to exert over an entire evening."  Exclaim! reviewer Stuart Green gave the EP a favorable review, calling the tracks "what may be five of the best songs they've recorded in a decade."
In 2008, a team of students participating in the Engineering Education Scheme were selected by a panel of judges to represent The Eastern Region in the February 2009 National level of the BA CREST Awards, with their work on the Eurofighter Typhoon in partnership with SELEX Galileo. On 6 March 2009, the team was presented with an award for being Highly Commended at the Big Bang 2009.
Juan Villoro (Mexico City, 24 September 1956) is a Mexican writer and journalist. He has been well known among intellectual circles in Mexico, Latin America and Spain for years, but his success among a wider readership has grown since receiving the Herralde Prize for his novel El testigo.
On 30 June 2010, in the civil action brought about by MCB against Lesage and others, Judges Paul Lam Shang Leen and Nirmala Devat of the Commercial Division of the Supreme Court, found that Lesage could not be believed and held him liable for the Rs 880 million fraud at the MCB. The justices ordered him to refund Rs 436 million to the bank. The co-defendant and ultimate beneficiary of the fraud, Teeren Appasamy, was ordered by the Court to pay the bank a sum of Rs 305 million. Donald Ha Yeung, was exonerated of all blame by the judges. Lesage appealed to the Supreme Court of Mauritius, but his appeal was denied on a technicality. He then appealed directly to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in London, UK, the highest court of appeal. On Dec. 20, 2012, Lord Kerr and four other Law Lords allowed Lesage's appeal, quashing the decision of the Supreme Court of Mauritius and ordering a new trial "free from the taint of unfairness and bias" before a differently constituted court.
In 2012 SUSO combined with the University of New South Wales Symphony Orchestra to perform Mahler's Symphony No. 1.
Latin, ancient Greek, modern Greek, Hebrew, French, Italian, Spanish, Basque, Portuguese, English, Welsh, Cornish, Irish, Scottish Gaelic, Manx Gaelic, Dutch, Danish, Icelandic, Norwegian, Swedish, Sami, Finnish, Estonian, Latvian, Lithuanian, Polish, Russian, Belarusian, Ukrainian, Czech, Slovak, Bulgarian, Sorbian, Serbian, Croatian, Hungarian, Romanian, Albanian, Turkish, Azerbaijani, Chuvash (a Turkic language), Tamil, Kashgar (spoken in Siberia, similar to the language of Uzbekistan), Kumyk (spoken in Siberia), Persian, Armenian, Georgian, Sanskrit, Romani, Hindustani, Ethiopian, Tigrinya (another language of Ethiopia), Coptic or ancient Egyptian, Arabic, Malagasy (the language of Madagascar), Malay, Samoan, Hawaiian, different dialects of Chinese, and Aneitum (a language spoken in the New Hebrides).
The AHSAA is a member National Federation of State High School Associations since 1924.
After graduating from the University of Georgia in 1958, where he was a member of the Gridiron Secret Society, Sanford served as a United States Army lieutenant. Sanford then returned to school and obtained an MBA from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in 1960.
Snoopy tries to get Lucy to ask him to join her in the skating show, but she's only interested in Schroeder. Later, he dresses up like Santa Claus to work as a bell-ringer to raise money. He is briefly confronted by an angry Rerun, who chastises him for failing to deliver the toys promised to him the previous Christmas. At one point, while dressed as Santa, he plays "Oh! Susanna" on the accordion, which Lucy comments "isn't very Christmasy" as she and Linus walk by. Upon hearing that, he quickly switches to "Christmas Time is Here" (with Woodstock whistling along). He also attempts to make peace with the ferocious cat who lives next door but it takes a ferocious swipe again.
It appears on several solo Paul McCartney compilations; the US version of All the Best! (1987), as well as Wingspan: Hits and History (2001), and on both the standard and deluxe versions of Pure McCartney (2016).
In 1971, Geoffrey Bardon, the school teacher at the community, encouraged the children to paint a mural using the traditional style of body and sand ceremonial art. This painting style was used for spiritual purposes, and so had strict protocols for its use. Many symbols depicted personal totems and Dreamings, and others more general Dreamtime creation stories. When some of the elder men saw what the children were doing, they felt the subject matter was more suited to adults.  They began creating a mural depicting the Honey Ant Dreaming. Traditionally, Papunya is the epicenter of the Honey Ant Dreaming, where songlines converge. The European-Australian administrators of Papunya later painted over the murals, which the curator Judith Ryan called "an act of cultural vandalism", noting that "the school was de-Aboriginalized and the art no longer allowed to stand tall and defiant as the symbol of a resilient and indomitable people". While visible, the mural proved highly influential, leading other men to create smaller paintings of their Jukurrpa (Ancestral stories), on any available surface, including bits of old masonite, car bonnets, tin cans, and matchboxes. This explosion of artistic activity is generally regarded as the origin of contemporary Indigenous Australian art.
The Near East University currently has 16 faculties with 98 departments, 4 vocational schools, 2 high schools and 4 graduate schools offering programs at undergraduate and postgraduate levels.
The genus Spriggina has been named in his honour.
The open square just inside the main gate was the infantry parade ground, and was surrounded by the infantry and cavalry (on the left) quarters.
Public transport services are co-ordinated by the Tyne and Wear Passenger Transport Executive. Waste management is co-ordinated by the local authority, Gateshead Council, which provides refuse collections, which became fortnightly in March 2012. Sheriff Hill's Distribution Network Operator for electricity is Northern Powergrid. Northumbrian Water supplies drinking water, which is sourced from Kielder Reservoir, and also has responsibility for waste water services.
He is currently working on Roadies, the one-hour drama written and directed by Cameron Crowe and produced by JJ Abrams for Showtime.
Following the closure of the Rosedale Racing Club, the racecourse was developed as a golf course and a speedway. The first speedway meeting was conducted in 1972.
''Stability'': Some viruses are genetically unstable and can rapidly rearrange their genomes. This is detrimental to predictability and reproducibility of the work conducted using a viral vector and is avoided in their design.
Subsequently he downed a total of 15.5 enemy aircraft during the war, earning eight Distinguished Flying Crosses and four Air Medals.
The mansion was constructed between 1694 and 1700 by architect Nicodemus Tessin the Younger. The building was inherited by Tessin's son Carl Gustaf Tessin who had to sell it in 1750 for financial reasons. The palace later became property of the crown and has been used as residence for the Over Governor and later Governor of Stockholm County.
Just west of the station, at Locust Avenue and East 14th Street, is the former location of American Vitagraph, a prolific movie studio that produced silent movies from the turn of the 20th century until 1925, when it was purchased by Warner Bros. A smokestack bearing "Vitagraph Co." may still be seen from the station.
Clinical practice (undergraduate medical education during the third and fourth years of medical school), graduate medical education, and research takes place across six campuses located in the Michigan cities of Flint,  Grand Rapids, Lansing, Midland, Marquette, and Traverse City.  The college previously had a Saginaw campus, but that was transitioned to the Central Michigan University College of Medicine in 2011. The campus in Kalamazoo, was transitioned to Western Michigan University in 2014.  Students are assigned to one of the campuses for their third and fourth years, rather than a specific hospital.  The campus administration then places students at hospitals within the campus.  After submitting a request, clinical students are also able to take a clerkship at a campus other than their assigned campus.  Students may fulfill clerkship electives outside of the MSU system only in their fourth year.
The Constitution originally provided for the right to property under Articles 19 and 31. Article 19 guaranteed to all citizens the right to acquire, hold and dispose of property. Article 31 provided that "no person shall be deprived of his property save by authority of law." It also provided that compensation would be paid to a person whose property has been taken for public purposes.
His singles included the 2003 hit "Jam", followed by "In Your Mind" and "The Bomb". But it was with his 2008 international hit "I Love My People" that he reached the top of dance charts in many countries.  He followed it up with "The Light" and in 2009 "My Dream" and "I Like the Way" in 2010 and "Senorita" in 2011. 
'''''Paxton's Powerhouse''''': Vince Paxton, the ruthless soccer dictator who vowed to build a team of world-beaters, using scientific methods.
The bouncing ball is a device used in video recordings to visually indicate the rhythm of a song, helping audiences to sing along with live or prerecorded music. As the song's lyrics are displayed on the screen, an animated ball bounces across the top of the words, landing on each syllable when it is to be sung.
Before and after the race the player is able to set up tyre hardness, wing angle and the transmission, and can be forced to quit if the player fails to make a pitstop to replace worn out tyres, or simply overheats the engine by rapid downshifting at high speed, (over-revving is possible with automatic gears by knocking on other cars tyres, making the player car jump, causing a drastic increase in the RPM) noticeable by a loud squealing noise. On the Silverstone track there appears to be two 'retired' cars, one by the pits and one halfway round.
The community was founded by Emanuel L. Philipp who was Governor of Wisconsin when he was the manager of a lumber company from 1894 to 1902 in Mississippi.
Tom Tooman is an alternate reality game that CBS ran in conjunction with Jericho, beginning in August 2007. The game began with a cryptic letter posted on a website, supposedly from a Tom Tooman of Lame Deer, Montana. This letter was accompanied by a series of bar codes, some with decimal numbers and others with Mayan numbers. These numbers were used to create an IP address for a second website. More clues were released, as well as a blog on the CBS website connecting the game with Jericho. The game abruptly ended when the series was cancelled, with no closure offered. A synopsis of the game and the puzzles appear at TomTooman.com.
Source for 1936 Masters: www.masters.com
Jansen had a supporting role in the Disney Channel Original Movie Tiger Cruise, which starred his sister Hayden (this is one of only two productions to date in which both siblings have featured onscreen, the other being The Forger - Jansen lent his voice to Racing Stripes, in which Hayden appeared). He played the voice of Truman X in The X's. He starred as Lucas Malloy in the made-for-television Nickelodeon film The Last Day of Summer, which first showed July 20, 2007 on Nickelodeon. It was released on DVD on August 28, 2007.
By the time the attack was ready to be launched, its purpose as a preliminary diversion to the main action at the Somme had passed, yet Haking and his army commander, General Sir Charles Monro, were keen to go ahead.  At 6pm on 19 July 1916, after 11 hours of preliminary bombardment, the 5th Division and British 61st Division attacked.  The Australian 8th and 14th Brigades, attacking north of the salient, occupied the German trenches but became isolated and out-flanked. They were forced to withdraw, through withering German enfilades, by morning. The 15th Brigade and the British 184th Brigade were cut to pieces while attempting to cross no man's land. The 8th and 14th Brigades were forced to withdraw, through withering German enfilades, the following morning. The failure was compounded when the British 61st Division asked the Australian 15th Brigade to join in a renewed attempt at 9pm, but cancelled without informing the Australians.  Consequently, half of the Australian 58th Battalion made another futile, solo effort to capture the salient.
He died on September 17, 1928 in New York City of a heart attack at the age of 67.
Helium Vola, with a mix of mostly medieval lyrics and news casts focuses on the shipwrecking of Russia nuclear submarine Kursk.
The station began the emission in 1993 and is owned by Grupo PRISA.
Hamilton-Wentworth District School Board, "Sturdent Trustees," 1995. Online. Available: http://www.hwdsb.on.ca/aboutus/trustees/studenttrustee/. Accessed 5 November 2012.
Missing singles No. 1 Milos Raonic and No. 2 Frank Dancevic, seeing his first Davis Cup action since 2006, Bester capped off a love-two match deficit to see Canada advance to the World Group play-off round.  It was his last match action of the year however, due to a fracture of his left hand.
"Fair Margaret and Sweet William" (Child 74, Roud 253) is a traditional English ballad which tells of two lovers, of whom either one or both die from heartbreak. Thomas Percy included it in his folio and said that it was quoted as early as 1611 in the Knight of the Burning Pestle. In the United States, variations of Fair Margaret have been regarded as folk song as early as 1823.
The Cowsill family held two memorials for Barry in Newport and New Orleans.
Between 1977 and 1986, the entire class was repainted in the International Orange "Fruit Salad" livery - red, grey, and yellow, which most of the class wore until the end of the decade. This livery had the road numbers displayed on the sides of the locomotives in large white numbers with DX 2612 the first to be painted as such.  Since then, members of the DX class have received liveries including Cato Blue (Fruit Salad with blue instead of red), Bumble Bee (black and yellow), Corn Cob (green and yellow) and the KiwiRail phase 1 and 2 schemes (grey, orange or red, and yellow). No DX's remain in the Fruit Salad, Cato Blue, Bumble Bee and Corn Cob liveries.
older adults living with cognitive and/or physical impairments based on the ideas of the educator Maria Montessori.   It has been shown to increase levels of engagement and participation in activities of persons with dementia. While it can not cure or prevent Alzheimer's disease, it has been shown to generally improve many aspects of the quality of life of those who have it.
The US release offers two types of starter sets and three types of booster packs.  All retail packagings are made of printed cardboard and plastic clamshell.  The 1-figure booster pack has one visible figure-spot.  The 2-figure booster pack has one visible figure-spot, and one secret figure spot.  The 3-figure booster pack has two visible figure-spots, and one secret figure-spot.
Smith won 15 full international caps for England which included two goals in the 9-3 defeat of Scotland at Wembley in 1961. He played for England from 1960 to 1963, scoring 13 goals.
''13 nominations'': ''Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?''
2. The Executive and the Rule of Law
2000: December, Blackbelt Hall of Fame ("Weapons Instructor of the Year") in Los Angeles, California, USA.
Remarriage is becoming more common in South Korea. According to South Korean government statistics reported in the Korea Times newspaper, the number of remarriages went up 16.1 percent to 44,355 in 2004. The number of elderly Koreans remarrying has doubled since 1995. The number of divorces reached 114,707 in 2012. The South Korean marriage agency Duo first began advertising its remarriage services in 2006.
He was recalled in 2006 for the Round 14 clash against Hawthorn, but only managed a total of 16 disposals in two games before being dropped and recalled for the Round 22 demolition of Richmond, where LeCras put in a surprise performance, booting 5 goals. LeCras placed fourth in the Sandover medal for the best player in the WAFL in 2006. The award was won by fellow West Coast Eagle player Matt Priddis. He fought his way back into the team in 2007, and had a stellar season, kicking 36 goals for the season.
In March 2013 the Punjab government announced that they would open the project to competitive tendering with the Swiss challenge method.  ULTra-Fairwood is one of three suppliers expected to be bidding.  Reports indicate the government is due to finalise the bid by the end of June 2013.
James Farmelant and Mark Lindley, "Six Prominent American Freethinkers". MRZine.
During the mobilisation for World War II the market had its own inscription office, where it was possible to sign up for war loans. The market itself consisted of a few permanent market stalls as well as daily stands, which the municipal authorities auctioned every five years or which were raffled by the market inspector.
The 3,400 seat stadium and field belonged to the Rosedale Golf Club. The grandstand is no longer there, however the field is still there and it is used for soccer.
After a period of one year, the participant who fulfills the fixed deposit criteria can withdraw up to MYR50,000.00 for approved expenses relating to house purchase, education for children in Malaysia and medical purposes. However, a minimum balance of MYR100,000.00 must be maintained from the second year onwards and throughout stay in Malaysia under this program.
Katie joined the Mark Cuban's own HDNet team as host and producer of "True Music" in 2002, and host of "Zippo Hot Tour" in 2005.  The Mark Cuban-founded channel re-branded from HDNet to AXS TV on July 2, 2012.  Katie currently hosts the network's "Deadline!" and "The World's Greatest Tribute Bands".  Katie also works for VH1 as a music expert on a variety of their count-down themed shows.
Spiritual philosophy is a generic term for any philosophy or teaching that pertains to spirituality. It may incorporate religious or esoteric themes, especially those from Theosophy or Neo-Theosophy, Anthroposophy, New Age thought, mysticism, and Eastern philosophy. Concepts may include the nature of The Absolute, karma and reincarnation, the evolution of the soul, higher states of consciousness, universal mind, and so on.
With impending civil war, the couple left Afghanistan for India in 1992. Eventually they settled in Islamabad, Pakistan. There, they became very successful with an enthusiastic crowd of Afghan exiles who were nostalgic for their native music. Their financial situation by this time had improved significantly. In 2000, they left Pakistan and immigrated to the United States.
The arts took on a somewhat new look. Mr. Gordon Olson became Band Instructor in the mid-forties, and his efforts over the next forty years are a testimony to the success of the band program at Vancouver College. The drama and choral efforts of the students, present, but separate until 1969, were brought together in the form of Broadway Musicals which were presented each year in conjunction with Little Flower Academy. Performed at the Metro Theater, these were highly enjoyable and successful projects, and they continued until the early eighties.
After a good Spring season with Ottawa, de Jong had stated in interviews that he and his family "liked it here" (in Ottawa) and that he wanted to stay despite interest from multiple other clubs. However when questioned by media, Fury manager Paul Dalglish stated that he was doubtful that the club would be able to afford de Jong. On 22 June 2016 Dalglish stated that he had made de Jong "his best possible offer" and that it was up to the player as to whether or not he would accept it and stay in Ottawa or sign elsewhere. On 30 June, the club stated in a preview for its Fall season opener that de Jong had not been re-signed.
She had met Richard once before, on the night of her "wedding day", but now she met him again at the docks, and recognized the handsome man whom she didn't know the name of.
The film starred Jeff Chandler, Anne Baxter and Rory Calhoun.PLAY BY WILLIAMS PLANNED AS FILM: ' Summer and Smoke' Slated by Hal Wallis -- Holden Is Sought as Co-Star
He previously worked for ITN, where he was best known for presenting the sports segment during the now defunct ITV News at 10.30. He also fronted regional programme London Soccer Night for ITV London.
Misleading statistics: university administrators focus on gender representation in the humanities overall, which obscures the disparity in philosophy.
Tom made a single NASCAR start at the 1986 Atlanta Journal 500 at the Atlanta International Raceway, and he finished 40th with engine problems.
The little magazine 'Ashokenagar Sahitto Patrika' is published from Ashoknagar.This magazine is a rising sun in the field of little magazine.They are going to publish the special issue "Sharadindu Bandyopadhyay" sankha in the next Kolkata Book Fair.
Since the closing down of the track at the end of 2010, the gauge conversion has been plagued by very meager funds allocation by the Railway administration. As a result more than five years have passed with the track conversion woefully short of completion.Now current budget 2016 announced survey from Dindugal-Sabarimala Railway line .
XLIII.w. Genus Hindumanes Logunov, 2004 Comments: Monotypic Genus and endemic to India.
Birmingham City won the League Cup. Tottenham Hotspur won the European Cup Winners' Cup, thereby becoming the first English side to win a European cup competition. Oxford United were elected to the Football League to replace the defunct Accrington Stanley, who had resigned from the league the previous season. Much of the season was postponed for several months because of the Big Freeze of 1963.
SOS and MES orphanage are some charity organizations operating in Edathala.
Tannehill, John C., et al. (1997), ''Computational Fluid mechanics and Heat Transfer'', 2nd Ed., Taylor and Francis.
To the extent Defendants contend that 60 Years and the character of Mr. C direct parodic comment or criticism at Catcher or Holden Caulfield, as opposed to Salinger himself, the Court finds such contentions to be post-hoc rationalizations employed through vague generalizations about the alleged naivety of the original, rather than reasonably perceivable parody.
The Mosholu Parkway begins at exit 8E of the Bronx River Parkway. It heads northward as an arterial boulevard through the northern parts of the Bronx. The highway crosses through Bedford Park, passing Bainbridge Avenue. It intersects with the Grand Concourse afterwards, with Jerome Avenue, Sedgwick Avenue and West Gun Hill Road soon after. Within Van Cortlandt Park, the parkway becomes a limited-access freeway, with exits for the southbound Major Deegan Expressway (Interstate 87) and the Henry Hudson Parkway near its northern terminus at the Westchester County line (where it turns into the Saw Mill River Parkway).
Most of the naval weapon systems used by the PLAN were developed prior to 1990. The naval weaponry of the PLAN is based on three tiers: artillery, torpedoes, and missiles, each geared to a specific threat range and type.
The Texas Association of Regional Councils (TARC) is a state organization of Texas' 24 regional councils of governments. 
Sander was born in Washington, D.C. His father was an Air Force lieutenant colonel. While attending Nathan Hale High School in Seattle, Washington, as sophomore, he played shortstop on the school's baseball team.
2006 - ''Oh No... It's Christmas'' (The song "I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus")
David Hedison, Fernando Lamas, Jill St. John, and Michael Rennie.
About 42,000 people live on the peninsula, with another 5,000 on the adjacent islands.
Convenienze had its first major modern revival in 1963 in Siena, and has subsequently appeared in a number of translations and under various titles, most notably as Viva la mamma, a German adaptation presented in Munich in 1969.
Jetpur is one of the largest centers for screen-printing, block printing and yarn dyeing workshops in the country. It is famous for cotton saree udyog and is major exporter of khanga and kitange (fabric used by native African for various use). Renowned industrialist Shri Gordhandas Karsanji Bosamia and Shri Chunilal Karsanji Bosamia of Jagdish Prints, who set up the first Textile Printing and Dyeing Industry in Jetpur and Ahmedabad are from this town. Jetpur is a pleasure for textile enthusiasts who can visit and experience the process of printing and dyeing. The city is known as Mini Dubai because its vibrant commercial activity.
Kunustara has two primary schools.
The Bedsgav Village has a chalukyan temple, built Bijjaladeva in 1163 AD. The temple has beautifully carved pillars with ornamental designs. There are also many hero stones in the village, with a particular stone dated from the 12th century talks about a warrior called Kuppugauga who perished in battle.
Prithudak is one of the important point in the 48 kos parikrama of Kurukshetra.
Govt. Girls Middle School, Zainapora
During the Six-Day War (1967), Yarkoni served on the Sinai front. After years of distinguished service, Yarkoni retired from the IDF in 1969.
The Museum's main galleries display art from its permanent collection as well a visiting exhibits.
The Confederate Army held the Arsenal almost until the end of the Civil War. After the war was over, the Arsenal was returned to the federal government and the site was renamed the Mount Vernon Barracks. From 1887 to 1894 the Barracks was used as a prison for captured Apache people, including Geronimo and his followers. Walter Reed, the United States Army physician who confirmed that yellow fever is spread by mosquitoes, served as post surgeon in the 1880s. In 1895, the site was deeded to the state of Alabama.
Also in 2007, the company undertook a major branding change, with the corporate name SF Group adopted in March 2007.
AL-LAD is illegal in Denmark.
Its population in 2003 was 202, but since 2004 it is not considered an urban settlement by Statistics Norway, and its data is therefore not registered.
The first conflict opened with Margaret's succession in 1244. John I of Avesnes and William of Dampierre, half brothers, fought between themselves until King Louis IX intervened in 1246. Louis gave Hainault (technically not his to give) to John I of Avesnes and Flanders (indeed his vassal) to William of Dampierre. Margaret, in light of this judgement, gave the government of Flanders over to William of Dampierre in 1247. She did not however relinquish her governance of Hainault to John I of Avesnes.
''que no hi neva ni plou.
Note that the VIA protocol is deprecated by Microsoft, and will be removed in a future version of Microsoft SQL Server.  It is however supported in SQL Server 2008, SQL Server 2008 R2, SQL Server 2012, and SQL Server 2014.  
The county has a county-level radio and television transmitter and a township-level radio and television transmitter. In Lhorong County there is a Lhorong County Branch of the Agricultural Bank of China, township credit unions and other financial institutions, primarily for farmers and herdsmen in agricultural and pastoral development.  Lhorong County has a post office, which has opened a 24-hour electronic remittance business, a bureau, and now has controlled telephone, fax, telegraph and postal services and 163 computers have Internet access as of 2008.  Lhorong county town has numerous guest houses and a variety of small food and beverage outlets.
ANAA members are known to organize demonstrations and to urge Pakistan's government to defend the rights of women against all kinds of abuse in Pakistan.
''A threefold cord to unite soules for ever unto God. 1. The mysterie of godlinesse opened. 2. The imitation of Christ proposed. 3. The crowne of afflicted saints promised. As it was compacted by M. Richard Head, M.A.and sometimes minister of the Gospel, in his labours at Great Torrington in Devon. Published now, after his death, for publike profit'' (London: Printed by E.P. for Fr. Coles, and are to be sold at his shop in the Old-Bayly, at the Signe of the Halfe-Bowle, 1647).
JADE supports deployment of applications to the web through its HTML documents feature. These work very similarly to ASP.NET, where developers create templates of HTML pages and leave parts in the template for the program to fill in.
In September 1898 Hagerman donated the flat land atop North Hill in Roswell to New Mexico Military Institute.
S. Egidio di Borgo (Trevi - province of Perugia)
Before that time, research groups were unable to build experimental setups capable of enhancing the coupling of an atom with a single field mode, simultaneously suppressing other modes. Experimentally, the quality factor of the cavity must be high enough to consider the dynamics of the system as equivalent to the dynamics of a single mode field. With the advent of one-atom masers it was possible to study the interaction of a single atom (usually a Rydberg atom) with a single resonant mode of the electromagnetic field in a cavity from an experimental point of view,
1999: ''New Expansive Poetry''. R.S. Gwynn, ed., Ashland, Oregon, (Story Line Press) ISBN 978-1-885266-69-9
The FDC regulates almost all issues related to doping, corruption, arbitration, racism, stadium bans, etc... It also details the code of conduct of football's world governing body. 
The Ladies Reading Group of Houston was a significant founder of the public library system in Houston. Elizabeth Long, the author of the 2003 book Book Clubs: Women and the Uses of Reading in Everyday Life, wrote that Houston's "literary scene" contributes and draws upon the overall literary culture of Texas. The University of Houston creative writing program opened in 1979. Long wrote that this program "has achieved a national reputation" in subsequent decades. In 1985 the Ladies Reading Club had a 100th anniversary celebration.
Webattacker is a do-it-yourself malware creation kit that includes scripts that simplify the task of infecting computers and spam-sending techniques to lure victims to specially rigged Websites. It was allegedly created by a group of Russian programmers. The kit demands minimal technical sophistication to be manipulated and used by crackers. 
Another General Election was required to take place before the end of 1915. The political parties had been making preparations for an election to take place and by the July 1914, the following candidates had been selected; 
Monica Hall: "Angiol Bartolotti's Lettere tagliate". In ''Lute: The Journal of the Lute Society'', Vol. XLVII  (2007)
Hejda is married to Tereza, with whom he has one daughter Natalia, and four sons, Matheas, Nikolas, Mateo, and Rohan.
In 1933, passed S. S. C. Level from Vanga High School obtaining first division marks. I. A. from Rajendra College, B. A. from Bangabasi College, of the University of Calcutta.
Heroes and Villains is the title of a football fanzine written by and primarily aimed at fans of Aston Villa F.C.. It was launched in 1989, and has been in regular print ever since, long surpassing 100 issues.
In April 2015 Famuyiwa was announced as the director of Confirmation, an HBO original movie. The film starred Kerry Washington as Anita Hill and was based on Hill's accusations of sexual harassment and testimony against Clarence Thomas during his Supreme Court nomination.
Their fourth studio album, Bora-Bora, was released in 1988. It introduced the usage of piano, horns and sampling by the band. The album has both social-political focused songs such as "O Beco" and more introspective tracks, such as "Quase Um Segundo" (thought to be about the end of Vianna's relationship with Paula Toller, the lead singer of Kid Abelha). Bora-Bora is the first of several attempts by the band to self-produce their recordings. Big Bang, released in the following year, continued in the same vein, featuring cheerful songs with a deep critical social messages like "Perplexo" and poetical/lyrical ones like "Lanterna dos Afogados".
Biohazard 4D-Executer is a Japanese 3D animated biopunk horror film based on the Resident Evil series of survival horror video games. It was created by Capcom in cooperation with Visual Science Laboratory, and distributed by Digital Amuse. Biohazard 4D-Executer was directed by Koichi Ohata, and written by Daisuke Okamoto, who was supervised by the game series developers. A limited release, the 20-minute film has been an attraction in Japanese theme parks since November 2000, and can be seen in movie theaters and smaller booths. The story centers on the mission of a military squad sent to the zombie-infested Raccoon City to locate the whereabouts of Dr. Cameron, a female scientist conducting research on a new type of virus.
The town is famous for being a traditional art colony.
One fine day Ajay gets a message that his brother is in Bangalore. When he reaches the hotel he finds that Ashok has already left without leaving any message for him. Later that day he receives a call from Ashok, who in an inebriated state, is trying to tell him something which has been troubling him for a long time but the phone cuts abruptly. When he returns from Bangalore, he finds that his brother missing. His inquiries and a police complaint only lead him to frustration and violent outbursts. Sometime later he comes across Ashok's friend (Annu Kapoor), a drug addict, who reveals all the dark secrets. Earlier when Ashok had faced losses in his business, a reputed businessman Balwant Rai (Amrish Puri) had come to his rescue. Balwant becomes a partner in Ashok's company and settles all the debt. This arrangement is in fact a cover for Balwant's illegal activities. Balwant routinely traps honest people to provide cover for his illegal business and Ashok is one of his innocent victims. Initially when Ashok resists, Balwant threatens him of dire consequences, but Ashok persists with his requests to shut down illegal trade. Later, Ashok collects evidence to frame Balwant and that's where the trouble starts. Balwant kidnaps Ashok and tortures him to reveal where he has kept the evidence.
The most commonly used approach, block-based method, exploits the principle of linkage disequilibrium observed within haplotype blocks. Several algorithms have been devised to partition chromosomal regions into haplotype blocks which are based on haplotype diversity, LD, four-gamete test and information complexity and tag SNPs are selected from all SNPs that belong to that block. The main presumption in this algorithm is that the SNPs are biallelic. The main drawback is that the definition of blocks is not always straightforward. Even though there is a list of criteria for forming the haplotype blocks, there is no consensus on the same. Also, local correlations based selection of tag SNPs ignores inter-block correlations.
During the Second World War he registered as a conscientious objector, but after appearances at both his Local and the Appellate Tribunals, he was permitted only exemption from combatant service, and was required to serve in the Non-Combatant Corps (NCC).
Originally titled The Libertarian, it was renamed The Libertarian Forum with the sixth issue.
July 10, 2007: Joseph C. Waggoner Jr. is chosen as the new executive director of THEA. Waggoner was previously the Maryland Transportation Authority's planning and development chief.
Badgers have been recorded from this Island.There is evidence that their diet is poor.
''4. Walter'' (G) beat ''Andre'' (B) by unanimous decision.
During the first two stagings of the play-offs in 1987 and 1988, the four teams involved were the three clubs that finished directly below the automatic promotions positions, plus the club which finished directly above the automatic relegation places in the division above.
Kilcrohane has a primary school and a church. There is daily transportation to secondary schools in Bantry and public transportation to Bantry twice a week. There is also a community field and hall and a children's playground with tennis court.
During the summer, Fort Wellington is open daily from the Victoria Day weekend until Labour Day (But closed on Tuesdays and Wednesdays in May, June, September and October).  The buildings are restored, and uniformed guides conduct tours of the fortifications and buildings, including the storerooms and barracks in the blockhouse.  A military museum is located on the third floor of the blockhouse. A new Visitor Centre was completed in 2012 and showcases a gunboat wreck along with exhibits about the fort's history.
Nicosan (Hemoxin in US), previously Niprisan or Nix-0699, is a phytochemical (ethanol/water extract of Piper guineense seeds, Pterocarpus osum stem, Eugenia caryophyllus fruit, and Sorghum bicolor leaves) being tested for the treatment of Sickle-cell disease (SCD).
Edwards was born in Amlwch, Anglesey.  His father Henry.O.Edwards was a tenant farmer and his mother was a seamstress.  He was educated at the local Grammar School and at Sir Thomas Jones' Comprehensive School.  He read Law at Liverpool University and studied at London College of Law.  He became a solicitor in Bala and a visiting lecturer at Liverpool College of Commerce.  He married Eleri Rogers in 1962.
Tenute was originally drafted by the New Jersey Devils in 2003 NHL Entry Draft 261st overall, Tenute was later signed by the Washington Capitals as a free agent in 2005.
Hyogo is one of the main industrial areas of Kobe. Fujitsu Ten is headquartered within the ward, and other large corporations including Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Mitsubishi Electric and Mitsubishi Heavy Industries have manufacturing facilities in Hyogo. In particular, railcars for the bullet train are manufactured in Hyogo by Kawasaki.
Lovecraft referred to the area's immigrant population by referring to Red Hook as "a maze of hybrid squalor". He spelled out his inspiration for "The Horror at Red Hook" in a letter written to fellow writer Clark Ashton Smith:
Bitis atropos is a small, venomous viper species endemic to mountainous regions in southern Africa. No subspecies are currently recognized.
Dimos has, however, been criticized by attorneys who claim that he is too quick to prejudge a case and that he often coerces one side into settling by threatening that party with an even bigger judgment if they proceed to "put on" their case.
Vatneleiren is a military base located in the municipality of Sandnes in Rogaland county, Norway. It was constructed just east of the Hanafjellet mountain just outside the city of Sandnes by the German Army during World War II, and has been used by the Norwegian Army since 1945. After the Cold War ended the number of soldiers stationed there gradually decreased, and the base is now mainly used by the Norwegian Home Guard.  The Agder og Rogaland Heimevernsdistrikt 08 (Agder and Rogaland Home District 08) is based here, covering the three southernmost counties of Rogaland, Aust-Agder, and Vest-Agder. The United Nations  Logistics Officers Centre maintains a training centre in Vatneleiren, offering a logistics course.
The Pagaibamba Protection Forest is a catchment area in Peru.
He featured for Wales in the 2011 Four Nations.
Although the second example involved considerably more checking, the principle was the same, and any experienced mathematician would have no difficulty performing the necessary verifications.  Therefore when such an operation is indicated, it is invoked merely as "transport of structure" and the details left to the reader, if desired.
The main building contains three main hallways labeled by alphabet, A, B, and C Halls, with a commons area between the A and B Halls.  Various satellite halls radiate in a ladder-like fashion across A and B Halls, and are lettered D, E, F, G, and H. An entrance hallway, entitled Panther Hall, is located at the main student entrance, and connects B and C halls. B hall houses the main, college, and the main counselor offices. Panther Hall houses the attendance office.
GIS and Remote Sensing studies on recorded animal diversity as well as on threatened species.
On episode 504 (airing on April 5, 2015) of This Week In Tech Cali Lewis returned to her legal name of Luria Petrucci.
The episode ends when Robin goes into labor and via a caesarian section gives birth to dizygotic twins - a human looking girl with a forked tongue, and a reptilian boy with blue human-like eyes.
Noreen Corcoran starred as Kelly Gregg on the television series Bachelor Father from 1957-1962. During its five-year run, Bachelor Father was seen on all three national networks.
A meeting place for the werewolves, possibly their place of power.  For Richard's clan, there is a huge rock that the Ulfric sits on that looks like a throne, hence Thronos Rokke clan.  In Blue Moon, the lupanar of the Oak Tree Clan has an incredibly huge oak tree in it.
For her performance in the show, Frances Sternhagen received a 1978 Tony Award nomination for Best Actress in a Musical. Additionally, Joel Higgins was nominated for a 1978 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Featured Actor in a Musical.
In October 2002, the Squadron was tasked with providing support to six AV-8B Harrier aircraft in combat operations in Afghanistan during Operation Enduring Freedom. This detachment of MALS-13 personnel returned October 2003. On 15 January 2003, Marine Aviation Logistics Squadron 13 embarked 205 Marines and equipment aboard the USS Bonhomme Richard in support of combat operations in Southwest Asia, deploying detachments ashore with MALS-13 Forward during Operation Southern Watch and Operation Iraqi Freedom at Al Jaber Air Base, Kuwait and An Numiniyah Expeditionary Air Field, Iraq. In May 2003, Marine Aviation Logistics Squadron 13 disembarked USS Bonhomme Richard and returned to MCAS Yuma.
Stankowski has made over 400 starts on the PGA Tour, but has not played a full season since 2011. With his PGA Tour career winding down, he changed his focus to entrepreneurship and radio broadcasting Sirius XM. He is the co-owner of Francis Edward, a leather goods company whose name is derived from the middle names of Stankowski and co-founder Mike Vicary. Stankowski is married and has two children. He says he is done with competitive golf until 2020, when he becomes eligible for PGA Tour Champions.
After a year of successful looting, the Hornigold party split, with Levasseur deciding to try his luck on the West African coast. In 1719 he operated together with Howell Davis and Thomas Cocklyn for a time. In 1720, they attacked the slaver port of Ouidah, which was part of the Kingdom of Whydah at the time and is on the coast of what is now Benin, reducing the local fortress to ruins. Later that year, he was shipwrecked in the Mozambique Channel and stranded on the island of Anjouan, one of the Comores. His bad eye had become completely blind by now so he started wearing an eyepatch.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
In 1926 he joined the newly formed council of regency of the National Bank, together with Emile Francqui, and remained a member until the war, except for two breaks during his ministerial duties. As regents of the NBB, both Theunis and Francqui represented the power which the large private banks had gained since 1926. During World War II he served as a special ambassador to the United States of America. In 1941, he was appointed governor of the National Bank of Belgium by the Pierlot government in exile at London instead of Albert Goffin who had been appointed by Secretary General Plisnier. On his return to Belgium after the war, he resigned as governor of the NBB.
An 1826 book posing to be the autobiography of a French Sergeant Robert Guillemard  contains the claim that it was he who shot Nelson. This claim is to this day believed and frequently repeated, although in October 1830 J.A. Lardier admitted in a letter to the editor of the Annales Maritimes that it was he who wrote the book, and that Guillemard is a fictitious character.
Davies subsequently moved to Albuquerque, New Mexico, where he lived in a motor-home and worked in the construction industry. He lost touch with many of his former playing colleagues. Contact was re-established in 2006 when there were discussions of an appeal for support to enable him to have a hip replacement. He said that his hip had been damaged due to the wear and tear of his playing days and that he could not afford the necessary surgery and would soon have to stop working. The appeal organised on his behalf by fans of Southampton was successful, enabling him to have two hip replacements and providing a surplus for his general use. However, following the death of his American partner, Chris, in 2009 he once again became reclusive.
Saint Mary of the Head's date of birth is unknown, but it was sometime near the end of the 11th century or at the beginning of the 12th century. Torribia is believed to have been born in Caraquiz, a little village close to Uceda, in the current-day Spanish province of Guadalajara. She subsequently lived in Torrelaguna, in current-day Madrid Province. There, she met and married Isidore, a simple farmer from Madrid (who, according to some sources, had fled there as a result of the Almoravid invasion), with whom she would have her only son, Illan.  According to legend, the child one day fell down a deep well, leaving the parents with no recourse but prayer. Miraculously, the water level suddenly rose to the level of the ground, and the floating baby was easily rescued unharmed. As a result of this, she and her husband committed themselves to sexual abstinence as a form of devotion, and, from that time on, lived in different homes. Their son would later die in infancy.
The series uses three pieces of theme music. lit. "Wind of Beginnings" by Ayaka Hirahara is used for the opening theme for both the first and second seasons. For the ending theme, lit. "The Greatest Unrequited Love" by Sachi Tainaka is used for the first season, while lit. "To Tomorrow" by Teruya Miho is used for the second season.
1981               Missouri Medal of Honor (U. of MO Journalism   School)
He has also appeared in the films Richie Rich (1994), U.S. Marshals (1998), Mr. 3000 (2004), Eagle Eye (2008), Baby on Board (2009), and The Wise Kids (2011).
In the late 1960s, the aircraft carrier was replaced in the anti-submarine role by a squadron of Westland Wasp helicopters operated from anti-submarine frigates. These helicopters were replaced by Westland Lynxs, and these were replaced themselves by NH-90 helicopters.
Tommy started his career at Grimsby Town in 1947. In 1950 he signed for Coventry City but did not settle. He moved on to Birmingham City but did not settle there either, eventually arriving at Blackburn Rovers.  He played 194 games and scored 140 goals for Rovers before returning to Grimsby in 1958. He finished his career at Glentoran as player/manager.
Schools were in the same township in Hancock County, they were a natural choices for consolidation. The
Strategically located between the sea and the mountains, is an excellent holiday destination to enjoy all the beauties of Calabria. 
A third '''''Arbuthnot''''' was the British privateer schooner of 10 guns, under the command of Captain John Riddle. She was sailing from New York to Newfoundland when the Connecticut brigantine ''Minerva'' captured her on 24 June 1781.
On 5 March 2012, ST Kinetics is one of 6 companies that were blacklisted by India's Ministry of Defence for 10 years. The company was issued a show cause notice before it was blacklisted. On 25 May 2012, ST Kinetics filed a writ petition in the High Court of Delhi against the Indian Ministry of Defence (MoD) and the Indian Ordnance Factory Board (OFB), challenging the debarment order.
As the official representative of her country to the Miss World 2001 pageant held in Sun City, South Africa on November 16, she became a bookies' favorite and competed against 93 delegates for the title eventually won by Agbani Darego of Nigeria.
In Japan, Asia-Pacific, Mid-East, Africa and South America, its principal competitors are Kia Combi, Asia Combi.
- Transferable by serum or lymphoid cells.
Live is the 13th album of Puerto Rican singer Ednita Nazario and her first live album. It was recorded during a sell-out presentation at the Roberto Clemente Coliseum in 1993.
In mid-2006, Lakin Wecker began work on Python-Ogre, based on the Boost.Python libraries, as was attempted before. This was developed alongside the PyOgre project. He was aided by Andy Miller, who then later took over development of the project with assistance from Roman Yakovenko, Joseph Lisee, and Ben Harling during the evolution of the engine.
Members of the crew praised the work of Robert Picardo on this episode, with Taylor saying that he was "wonderful" in "Heroes and Demons", while Piller saw the character as a "fish out of water" and added that "Picardo is a wonderful actor." Kenneth Biller, executive story editor, felt that the episode gave Picardo a "chance to shine", and that the episode was "a lot of fun". Picardo himself was pleased with the episode, later describing it as his favourite of the first season. Garrett Wang also added that he was happy with the episode, as being an Asian-American actor he didn't otherwise get a great deal of chances to appear in period work, and he enjoyed the wardrobe he wore.
David Pallas (born 1 July 1980 in Zurich, Switzerland) is a Swiss former footballer who played as a right-back. He last played for VfL Bochum in Germany's Bundesliga.
All tracks by Nick Holmes and Gregor MacKintosh, except where noted.
On 20 August 2014, he signed a short term contract with Hearts to provide emergency cover during a goalkeeping crisis.
Adams was assistant surgeon Royal Navy on board HMS Samarang during the survey of the islands of the Eastern Archipelago, from 1843 to 1846. He edited the Zoology of the voyage of H.M.S. Samarang (1850). Adam White collaborated with him in the descriptions of the Crustacea from the voyage. In 1857, during the Second China War whilst serving as Surgeon on HMS Actaeon, he was present at the storming of Canton and awarded the China War Medal. He retired as Staff Surgeon aboard flagship HMS Royal Adelaide at Plymouth in 1870.
Gerbe is a French marketer and manufacturer of hosiery and lingerie.
29 performers in Roundabout productions have won Theatre World Awards, which honors achievement in "breakout" performances. Winners are Christopher Goutman in 1979's The Promise, Boyd Gaines in 1981's A Month in the Country, Lisa Banes in 1981's Look Back in Anger, Anthony Heald in 1982's Misalliance, Kate Burton in 1983's Winners, Mark Capri in 1985's On Approval, Lindsay Crouse in 1992's The Homecoming, Natasha Richardson and Liam Neeson in 1993's Anna Christie, Calista Flockhart and Kevin Kilner in 1995's The Glass Menagerie, Helen Mirren in 1995's A Month in the Country, Alfred Molina in 1996's Molly Sweeney, Helen Carey in 1997's London Assurance, Alan Cumming in 1998's Cabaret, Henry Czerny in 2000's Arms and the Man, Juliette Binoche in 2001's Betrayal, David Warner in 2002's Major Barbara, Victoria Hamilton in 2003's A Day in the Death of Joe Egg, Antonio Banderas and Mary Stuart Masterson for 2003's Nine, Alexander Gemignani in 2004's Assassins, Carla Gugino in 2005's After the Fall, Mamie Gummer in 2006's Mr. Marmalade, Nellie McKay in 2006's The Threepenny Opera, Harry Connick Jr. in 2006's The Pajama Game, Ben Daniels in 2008's Les Liaisons dangereuses, and Jenna Russell in 2008's Sunday in the Park with George.
With the release of the second series in 1989, fans saw ten entirely new figures: five allies and five enemies, six new vehicles/accessories, the first playset, the Turtle Battle Fun role-play sets, 9" and 13" plush dolls, and official Retromutagen Ooze. This year also marked the first time Playmates would incorporate action features into their figures along with the first Turtle variants in the "Wacky Action" sub-line. Each figure possessed a wind-up function that, when applied, caused the figure's limbs to rapidly move in a rhythmic motion.
Xavier Marchand (born 4 August 1973 in Deauville) is a former medley swimmer from France, who competed at two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1996 in Atlanta, Georgia. He won his first international medal (silver) in 1997, at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships in the 200 m individual medley behind the Netherlands' Marcel Wouda.
Caisteal Maol (Gaelic: Caisteal, 'Castle', Maol, 'bare') is a ruined castle located near the harbour of the village of Kyleakin, Isle of Skye, Scotland. It is also known as Castle Moil,  Castle Maol, Dun Akyn, Dunakin Castle Dun Haakon and Castle Dunakin.
In the 1980s, the lido (the successor of the open-air swimming pool) was closed, and in the 1990s the paddling pools were also closed due to fears of water pollution in the River Sheaf, which fed the pools.
Irony contains three important features: asymmetry of affect, victims of irony, and ironic tone of voice.
'''''Common names''': Gascony asp, Gascony viper, Gascony asp viper.''
In the case of the United States Supreme Court, 94 U.S. 92 (1876), CONSOLIDATED FRUIT-JAR COMPANY  v.  WRIGHT, the Court ruled that Mason's patent had been abandoned to the public. 
During his international career he also played for Argentina, and participated at the 1974 FIFA World Cup, where he scored three goals. His greatest achievement in football was being a member of the 1978 FIFA World Cup winning team and scoring in the 6-0 win over Peru. His career was cut short due to problems with alcoholism, with which he has been struggling for most of his life.
The winning domino numbers come up as a double blank - the 'Joker Bone' booby prize where the winner is the loser. The winner, Nigel Zuze, tries to escape Manchester, but is apprehended by a skeletal figure accompanied by a blurbfly called Horny George, is bitten and taken over. The infected Zuze drives to DJ Dopejack's house where Dopejack is in turn infected, before he himself kills Zuze. Sweet Benny Fenton, visiting Dopejack, is also infected by Horny George.
The opposition between Trentin and Morelon continued until 1966. Trentin specialised in the  kilometre, taking the world championship in 1966. Morelon took the sprint championship. The two then combined to ride the tandem sprint. Trentin said: "I'm the second fastest in the sprint and the fastest in the kilometre. Who's going to beat us on a tandem? 
''Dr. Demento's Basement Tapes 12'' (2003)
One of the few examples of combat reports, dated 11 July 1943, seems to contradict Minguzzi's statement, when together with other Italian fighters, Eugenio Salvi's Re.2005 fought against Spitfires over Sicily. A Spitfire Mk V latched onto the tail of Salvi's Re.2005. Salvi tried all the tricks he knew: dives, tight turns, climbs, but the Spitfire remained steadily attached to his tail following every move, and then opened fire. Salvi's Re.2005 was struck by many bullets, and Salvi was sure he was going to be killed when the Spitfire just as suddenly vanished, possibly out of ammunition. Fuel levels and pilots skill probably were the deciding factor in this incident.
In hippocampus anatomy, the Stratum Pyramidale is one of seven layers, or stratums, that make up the entire neural structure. The Stratum Pyramidale is the third deepest hippocampal layer, and in relation to the stratum lucidum, is located underneath it. The stratum Pyramidale houses cell bodies of the pyramidal neurons, which are the foundational excitatory neurons of the hippocampus. In the CA3 region of the hippocampus, the stratum pryamidale connects with the statum lucidum by mossy fibers that run though both subfields.
As of 2013, the ASA has held ten major conferences, with attendees from around the world, but mostly from the United States and Europe.  The first meeting of the ASA was held at Princeton University in 2001 with the attendance of numerous synesthesia researchers including Larry Marks, Vilayanur S. Ramachandran, Peter Grossenbacher, and artists and authors including Patricia Lynne Duffy and Natasha Lvovich.  This meeting was featured in the popular press, including Time magazine and other media outlets. The first conference also became the subject of a documentary video.  Since 2002, the ASA has instituted a Keynote speaker, who gives an hour long lecture linking synesthesia with other domains of research.  In 2011, the University of California, San Diego became the first location to host the ASA annual meeting twice (2002, 2011).     
The race is run around a street circuit laid out round the French town, and is in many ways similar to the more famous Formula One Monaco Grand Prix. The race cars are set up with greater suspension travel than is typically utilised at a purpose-built racing circuit to minimise the effect of running on the typical undulating tarmac of the street circuit.
Additional footage of the Batcopter was shot for eventual inclusion in seasons two and three of the TV series.
Steeles has several public parks and recreation centres that feature playgrounds, baseball diamonds, basketball courts, fitness centres, gymnasia, and playing fields for soccer, football, and cricket.
Boy Meets Girl is a 1998 romantic comedy fantasy film directed by Jerry Ciccoritti and starring Sean Astin and Emily Hampshire.
On Nantucket's last voyage, Richard C. Gibbs carried his wife, Almira, who kept a detailed and very interesting journal. The ship whaled off the Pacific coast of South America, and Almira Gibbs' journal includes many descriptions of South American ports and people, as well as accounts of social encounters with other whaling wives.
PA 73 follows Bethlehem Pike south under Norfolk Southern's Morrisville Line and widens to a four-lane road. The route splits from Bethlehem Pike by heading southeast onto two-lane undivided Church Road, passing suburban neighborhoods and entering Springfield Township. The road widens into a divided highway briefly as it has an interchange with the PA 309 freeway. PA 73 continues past homes as a two-lane undivided road and enters Cheltenham Township, where it runs to the northeast of Westminster Theological Seminary and a cemetery. The route passes to the northeast of Arcadia University before it comes to an intersection with PA 152 and passes under Easton Road near Glenside. The route continues southeast through wooded residential neighborhoods in Wyncote and comes to an intersection with Washington Lane. At this point, PA 73 turns northeast onto four-lane Washington Lane and passes near more homes before coming to a bridge over SEPTA's Main Line. At the southern tip of the borough of Jenkintown, the route turns southeast onto four-lane Township Line Road and forms the border between Abington Township to the northeast and Cheltenham Township to the southwest, passing multifamily residential development as it comes to an intersection with PA 611 (Old York Road). The road narrows to two lanes and continues past wooded residential development in Elkins Park. PA 73 passes some businesses before it runs near more homes. The route gains a center left-turn lane and runs past residential and commercial development, passing to the northeast of Einstein Medical Center Elkins Park.
Rainbow Farm was the focus of an investigation by Cass County prosecutor Scott Teter. A Rainbow Farm festival was linked to the death of a Berrien County teenager killed April 21, 2001, after his car crashed into a school bus carrying Eau Claire High School students. After a few months of unsuccessfully trying to gather evidence using undercover police officers, the investigation eventually came to a head in early May 2001, when Michigan State Police troopers served a tax-fraud warrant and found more than 200 marijuana plants.
Ch. 20 - Defense Against Choke Holds and Hugs
Ashihara is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Modern interpretations vary, but this coronation ceremony created a legacy. After the death of Shivaji, Marathas fought the mughals and defeated them in the war of 27 years. This demonstrated that coronation was an instrument of sovereignty valid in other parts of the world.
DellaGrotte and his wife, Marie, have a son named Dante and daughter named Giovanna.
Falla was born in Palmerston North in 1901 to George Falla and his wife, Elizabeth Kirk. As his father was working for the railways, the family shifted frequently, and he lived in Hawera, Masterton, and Invercargill. At his primary school in Invercargill, he developed an interest in natural history due to the influence of Alfred Philpott. Falla gained a junior national scholarship and studied at Auckland Grammar School, from where he graduated in 1918. He pursued his dream of going to sea for a few years in various jobs, but then started to follow his interest in ornithology, first through part-time study at Auckland University College, and then at Auckland Training College, a training institution for  teachers. He transferred to the university in Auckland, from where he graduated in 1924 with a Bachelor of Arts, in after some teaching at primary schools, with a Master of Arts in 1927.
Linus Oncology has licensed the intellectual property that covers the development of these and related indenoisoquinoline derivatives.   Phase I Study in Adults With Relapsed Solid Tumors and Lymphomas is ongoing (2012).
Film critic Leonard Maltin gave the film a mostly positive 2 1/2 out of 4 stars.
From the 1950s onwards she developed a series of paintings based on the Essex countryside. Existential rather than pastoral, they responded to environmentalist publications such as Rachel Carson's Silent Spring. The last of these, Migrations, embed bird and animal motifs in timeless settings. The extraordinary brushwork and relief effects developed over a life-time of drawing in close association with sculptors, was combined with a new potency of colour and epic scale. Swathes of yellow evoke the deserts of pre-history and post-history, as well as the very immediate issue of the fields of oil seed rape that were appearing in the 1970s.
Still determined to get all the raffle tickets within the balloons, Donald tries to grab them as soon they are released. Unfortunately, it causes Donald to float away with the balloons. The nephews point out a balloon floating near Gladstone, who doesn't want to make the effort of lifting his arm to get it, saying that either a bird will pop the balloon for him or it simply doesn't have the winning ticket.
Valle Lomellina borders the following municipalities: Breme, Candia Lomellina, Cozzo, Sartirana Lomellina, Semiana, Velezzo Lomellina, Zeme.
Riolunato borders the following municipalities: Fiumalbo, Frassinoro, Lama Mocogno, Montecreto, Palagano, Pievepelago, Sestola.
Poigai was found in a small pond near the Yadhotakaari temple at Tiruvekkaa.  In Tamil, small pond is called poigai, and since he was found in a pond, he got the name Poigai. At Kanchipuram there is a temple inside the Deva-sarovara lake. This temple enshrines an idol of Saroyogi in a recumbent posture with eyes closed in meditation. From childhood, Poigai was deeply devoted to Vishnu. He mastered all the Vaishnava speeches and followed Vaishnavite tradition. He was variously known as Ayonigi, Saro-yogi, Kasara-yogi, Poigai-piraan, Saravora Munindra and Padma-muni.
Josh McKeller: The son of Alison McKeller and friend of Glen Abbott. Glen and Josh are friends separated by several years of age leading to an unexepected friendship. Glen usually helps Josh with his relationship problems.
Fontenot's awards include the Acadiana Arts Council Lifetime Achievement Award, the Louisiana State Library Award, and in 2003, she was named a Louisiana Legend by Louisiana Public Broadcasting.
When the occupation zones were drawn up, Thessaloniki passed under German control. Thrace passed under Bulgarian control. Despite initial assurances to the contrary, the Nazis and Bulgarians gradually imposed a series of anti-Jewish measures. Jewish newspapers were closed down, local anti-Semites were encouraged to post anti-Jewish notices around the cities, Jews in the German and Bulgarian zones were forced to wear the Star of David so they could be easily identified and further isolated from the rest of the Greeks. Jewish families were kicked out of their homes and arrested while the Nazi-controlled press turned public opinion against them. By December 1942, the Germans began to demolish the old Jewish cemetery in Thessaloniki so the ancient tombstones could be used as building material for sidewalks and walls. The site of the old cemetery is today occupied by the campus of the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki.
'''Dr. Deleto and His Invisible Vaportron''' - Low Frequency Root Canals and Molar Removal
Brown has been a contender in the Cruiserweight division since the late 1990s. He has unsuccessfully challenged for a world title three times; losing by stoppage to Vassiliy Jirov and Jean-Marc Mormeck, and by decision to O'Neill Bell in a fight guest analyst Kevin Kelley scored in Brown's favour. In his most recent bouts, Brown lost a 5-round technical decision to Shane Swartz and was KO'd by Darnell Wilson.
The Weymouth Rhymer Highway passes through Anna's Retreat, turning into Red Hook Rd which leads to Red Hook.
In 1896, the explorer and geologist Albert Peter Low, a member of the Geological Survey of Canada, provided a probable explanation for the lakes' descriptive Cree name by highlighting the extraordinary clarity and depth of their icy waters.
Rock critic Robert Christgau wrote that despite their being avowed feminists, which he sympathized with, he hated their music as "Squeaky-clean folk rock".
Forster grew up in California and attended Santana High School in Santee, California. A talented pitcher at the high school level, he was made a second round draft pick by the Chicago White Sox in the 1970 MLB Amateur Draft.
Suarez hosted the program Destination Casa Blanca, produced by HITN TV from 2008-2011. The program covered Latino politics and policy for a national audience from Washington, D.C.
Loutrel Winslow Briggs (December 12, 1893 - May 1977) was an American landscape architect active in Charleston, South Carolina.
He was educated at Gravesend Grammar School and Hertford College, Oxford graduating with a degree in physics in 1973. The same year he began work at the BBC as a design engineer.
Kevin Thomas of the Los Angeles Times wrote "It's by no means an exaggeration to describe this quietly powerful film as Bressonian."
Rovelli, Carlo (2004). Quantum Gravity. Cambridge Press. ISBN ISBN 978-0521715966.
The Suspended Family Coaster debuted in 2001 with the Rugrats Runaway Reptar opening at Kings Island in Ohio, USA, and Silver Streak at sister park Canada's Wonderland. Several clones and variations have opened since.
The prologue, in praise of King Louis XIV, represents him as Apollo slaying the Python of Delphi. The opera itself concerns the love story of Cadmus, legendary founder and king of Thebes, Greece, and Hermione (Harmonia), daughter of Venus and Mars. Other characters include Pallas Athene, Cupid, Juno, and Jupiter.
The show celebrated its 25th anniversary with an event at the Horseshoe Tavern that aired live on SiriusXM Canada starting at 8pm on 5 November 2014 featuring numerous guests, including the newly inaugurated Mayor of Toronto and the duo's former radio colleague John Tory and Hockey Night in Canada's new host George Stroumboulopoulos.
The heir apparent is the present holder's eldest son Thomas Rodgers (born 1979).
Student House is a co-ed ILG located near Kenmore Square in Boston.  Part of its mission is to make MIT housing affordable to low-income students, and as a result has access to special funding resources.
Bruno II of Berg was a son of Count Adolf III of Berg. In 1119 he was mentioned as a Provost in Cologne, and he became the Provost of St. Gereon in Cologne in 1127. In 1130 he was elected the Archbishop of Trier but refused.
Also located on museum grounds is the Short Track Model Railroad Club, featuring an NTrak model railroad with trains traveling through more than 40 modules, including a drive-in movie theater, a fairgrounds, farms, towns, and a coal mine and other scenes. 
In a December 22, 1990, win against in-state rival Western Kentucky, Farmer posted a new career high with 22 points, despite missing his first five three-point attempts of the game. He would not approach such scoring numbers again until a February 3, 1991, contest against Georgia, when he scored 16 points after seeing extended minutes due to Woods being in foul trouble. Farmer suffered a black eye during the game, which was notable for its physicality. Messenger-Inquirer sportswriter Jake Jennings also noted that Farmer relied on drives to the basket to score, as opposed to his usual penchant for shooting three-point shots.
In 1932, the Byrd Road Act promoted by former Governor Harry F. Byrd and the Byrd Organization created the state's "Secondary System" of roads in the counties. Virginia's incorporated towns were provided a local option to participate, and all the counties in Virginia were given the option of turning this responsibility over to the state. However, Virginia's independent cities were excluded, typical of the Byrd Organization and its leader's rural priorities and political power base.      
SR 87 begins at the North Carolina state line southeast of Ridgeway.  The highway continues southeast as NC 87 toward Eden.  SR 87 heads northwest as Morehead Road to the town of Ridgeway, within which the highway follows Morehead Avenue.  In the center of town, the state highway intersects US 220 Business, which heads north on Main Street and south on Church Street.  SR 87 continues northwest a short distance to its northern terminus at US 220 (Greensboro Road).
Haddelsey died on 29 August 2010 in Paris.
The Lost Art of Time Travel was released on ProgRock Records in June 2008, featuring a revamped lineup.
From 1884 until 2004, membership of the Society was a legally specified requirement for practice as a pharmacist in New Zealand, signified by the post-nominal letters, 'MPS' (Member of Pharmaceutical Society).  Membership was restricted to those who had passed the examinations, originally conducted by the Society and later by government operated Schools of Pharmacy, and then completed a period of practical training.
On 1 May 2009 Georgiev scored three goals for 31 minutes in a match of A PFG against Belasitsa Petrich. In season 2008-09, he earned 22 appearances playing in A PFG, scored three goals. In the Bulgarian Cup, Daniel played one match.
He received his first cap in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification tournament for Syria against Kuwait on June 8, 2008, thereby eliminating the possibility of playing for Belgium ever again although just one month earlier he was on a training camp with the Belgian national football team under 23s.
Days pass, and the police investigate in excruciating detail; Larry Chaucer's wealthy father is involved. The ship is emptied completely; the silt is removed, and the internal bulkheads are removed until the Glen Doon is little more than an iron shell. Nothing is found. Police officers keep watch on board, and patrol-boats are stationed near the hulk, looking for any clue, as fruitless weeks pass. One night the hammering sound starts again, and as armed detectives keep watch on the deck they see:
About 20 minutes east of Cleveland, Willoughby South High School is located close to scenic and historical Downtown Willoughby. The total enrollment is between 1,200 and 1,400 students in grades 9-12. The principal is Zachary Weagley and the two assistant principals are David Miller (11-12 grades) and Christopher Plush (9-10 grades). James Mormino is the athletic director.
The Under the Iron Sea Tour was the second world tour made by English rock band Keane after the release of their second album Under the Iron Sea.
Boardman, J. ''Athenian Black Figure Vases: A Handbook''. London: Thames and Hudson, 1974.
However at the wedding, things started unraveling when Daniel found out about Wilhelmina's tryst with her bodyguard (and would later fire Betty for lying to him about it). After he told Bradford about this, Bradford blamed him for trying to stop the nuptials but just as he was about to say "I do," Bradford collapsed of a heart attack. At the hospital Wilhelmina tried to trick him into a quickie wedding with Marc as an ordained minister upon learning  she could claim a stake in the company if she was legally married. When Bradford asked her if the affair was true, she didn't make eye contact, and Bradford told her it was over before he died, once again destroying Wilhelmina's schemes of taking over Meade Publications...or so everybody thought.
Neil Roberts (born 7 April 1978) is a Welsh former professional footballer and Wales international. He is currently working as a project manager for Manchester City.
This has an altarpiece by Girolamo Imparato.
Iowa State uses a cardinal, named Cy, as its mascot instead of an actual tornado or Cyclone. In 1954, the student pep council began the process of creating a mascot to build school spirit. As a Cyclone would be difficult to depict in a costume, a cardinal was selected from the school's official colors and original team namesake. The name of Cy was selected via a naming contest, being submitted by 17 people.
''The Song of the Lord'', (Watershed, 1991). An audiotape where the author reads poems selected from The Ether Dome.
Aicom eventually broke off from Sammy, and, with funding from SNK, eventually became Yumekobo, producing games mainly for SNK systems.
In 2013, Eesti Gaas started to sell electricity.
The order of St Clare or the Poor Clares was founded by St Clare of Assisi in 1212. During the 15th century a French nun, Saint Colette, re-created the original concept of absolute poverty and dedication. This order was established in the 16th century in Italy based on the strict rules of the order's founder.
2.	Transgressing the words of the buddhas.
The most popular times for pilgrimages to clootie wells, like other holy wells, are on the feast days of Saints, the Pattern or Patron day, or on the old Gaelic festival days of Imbolc (1 February), Beltane (1 May), Lughnasadh (1 August), or Samhain (1 November).
The Trusted Computing Group Opal drive provides industry accepted standardization for self-encrypting drives.  External hardware is considerably faster than the software-based solutions although CPU versions may still have a performance impact, and the media encryption keys are not as well protected.
The primary business areas are aerial photography, laser scanning (LiDAR), mapping and modelling, databases and database applications, GIS services and online map services (BlomURBEX).
DeSoto Records is an American record label based in Washington, D.C.  Founded in 1989, it is run by Bill Barbot and Kim Coletta, both formerly of the band Jawbox. It was first founded by members of the band Edsel to release their first single, "My Manacles". Jawbox next used the name DeSoto for their first EP. It has released over 40 records, 7" singles, CDs, and LP vinyl records. It is distributed by Fontana Distribution.
Realising that there should be a specialist industry sector, the International Union of Marine Insurance (IUMI) first set up an aviation committee and later in 1933 created the International Union of Aviation Insurers (IUAI), made up of eight European aviation insurance companies and pools.
He helped the Indians win the 1920 World Series and the Yankees win the 1922 American League Pennant and 1923 World Series. Smith's grand slam in Game 5 of the 1920 series was the first in World Series history.
In Germany it is known as Hagelzucker and traditionally used on Christmas cookies and cinnamon buns.
Written in Blood is the third and final album from Cheap Sex, recorded with Punk Core Records.
In 2007, the federal government announced it would sell the lighthouse as part of the National Historic Lighthouse Preservation Program, which was created to transfer responsibility for maintenance of lighthouses to municipal governments or private entities. The Old Saybrook town government expressed an interest in the lighthouse, which is not expected to be transferred from the federal government until sometime in 2008 or 2009. The National Park Service will screen potential owners. The Coast Guard would continue to maintain the light while the new owners maintain the historic structure. The Coast Guard also owns the land on which the lighthouse sits, and transferring the land is not part of the preservation program.  As of January 14, 2014, the Minio family are the new private owners of the Old Saybrook Point Lighthouse.  Joseph C. Minio, Sr. and Dr. Christopher M. Minio are co-Lighthouse owners and keepers.
Although living quarters were originally provided for keepers' families, the Lighthouse Board prohibited civilian keepers from bringing their families because of the site's isolation. Mail and supplies were not received for months at a time. The station shut down from December 1 through March 1 because the Bering Sea was frozen. Due to the privations they endured, civilian keepers got one full year off every 4 years of service. Circa 1933, one of the assistant keepers suffered a breakdown after two years at the lonely station.
Under section II, in cases where those responsible could not be determined, the burden would fall on the inhabitants of the city or town the bridge was situated in; if it lay outside a town, then the burden would fall on the shire or riding as a whole.
Upon the dissolution of his Thai Nation Party by the Constitutional Court on 2 December 2008, Banharn Silpa-archa was banned from politics for five years. Non-executive members of the Thai Nation Party immediately founded the Chartthaipattana Party (Thai National Development), which is chaired by Banharn's younger brother, Chumpol Silpa-archa. Chumphol was Minister of Tourism and Sports in the cabinet of Abhisit Vejjajiva. His son Warawut was deputy transport minister, and his daughter Kanchana was deputy education minister.
Of his matches for Ireland, nine had first-class status, all but one of these was against Scotland, the other was against Sri Lanka. He played just one List A match, a NatWest Trophy match against Sussex in July 1985. In all matches for Ireland, he scored 80 runs at an average of 5.33 with a top score of 28 against Wales in August 1979. He took 70 wickets at an average of 24.67, with best bowling figures of 6/29 against Denmark in July 1978.
Declaration of railway division in Kazipet.
The main tables below show municipalities at the town level.  For any census, adding up the totals for each town should yield the county total.  In cases where a community encompassed a coextensive city, the tables in the New England Historical U.S. Census Totals series mark the community as a city.  In cases where a town included a non-coextensive city, the total shown below represents the entire town, including but not limited to the city.  A separate section follows with population totals for boroughs and non-coextensive cities. 
Shelton took his sell-out one-man show iCroon to the Edinburgh International Fringe Festival for two consecutive years.
Athletic triumphs include the Etobicoke senior football championship, earned in 1969 by defeating the Etobicoke H.S. Rams, led by John Villiers, Al Thomas, John Griffin.  The senior basketball team reached the T.D.I.A.A. finals (consisting of all the outlying boroughs of the metropolitan area in those days, including Etobicoke, Scarborough, North York, East York, and York) in 1972 and 1975, only to suffer defeat at the hands of the George Harvey Hawks.  Prominent contributors from that era include Edgar Jaunzarins, Steve and Ross Quakenbush, Trevor Bennett, and Ken King.
Lysopine (N2-(D-1-carboxyethyl)-L-lysine) is a member of the octopine family found in crown gall tumors.
Masukata Station has one island platform, of which only one side is in use, serving traffic in both directions. The station is unattended.
Moving to the college ranks, Dockery became an assistant under Bill Battle at Tennessee. During his time there, he coached Phil Fulmer and was responsible for recruiting Condredge Holloway. In 1972, Dockery became the offensive line coach at Georgia Tech, where he was reunited with his high school teammate Steve Sloan.
Salim was also a member of the Indonesian delegation to the United Nations Security Council session at Lake Success, New York under Prime Minister Syahrir.
1999 saw the departure of one of Brisbane's favourite sons, Allan "Alfie" Langer, after the Broncos had a shocking start to the season, losing 8 of the first 10 matches. The captaincy was passed onto Langer's partner in th halves, Kevin Walters part way through the season.
In 1957, to make way for the Schuylkill Expressway, the western pier of the bridge was removed, and the main spans of the bridge were replaced.
Sangimignanosport is an Italian association football club located in San Gimignano, Tuscany. It currently plays in Eccellenza. Its colors are black and green.
U.S. Route 301 in Maryland is a major highway that runs from Delaware to the Governor Harry W. Nice Memorial Bridge into Virginia.  It passes through three of Maryland's four main regions: the Eastern Shore, the Baltimore-Washington Metropolitan Area, and Southern Maryland.  US 301 serves mainly as a bypass of Baltimore and Washington from Delaware to Virginia.
In March, 1200 French prisoners were brought to Colditz Castle, with 600 more being imprisoned in the town below.
While waiting for the crew, Jos, the caretaker of the house, prepares a welcome home party for Vince. He is interrupted when he begins hearing strange noises. After searching around the house, he walks outside to find a pack of wild canines growling outside his door. The canines outnumber him and attack him.
On return to the country, he taught at Patna College, Dhaka College and Presidency College, Kolkata. He was the first Indian to serve as principal of Presidency College from 1902 to 1905. Thereafter, he became Registrar of the University of Calcutta and on retirement served as Inspector of Colleges under the University. He was posted to England for two years as education assistant to the Secretary for India. 
The Residence of Palazzo Pfanner, the only part of the Palazzo which currently can be visited, contains a large reception hall with frescoes painted around 1720 by Pietro Paolo Scorsini, belonging to the so-called 'quadraturismo', some lateral rooms with a vast set of period furniture, furnishings, sacred objects and a splendid 14th century wooden statue depicting the Archangel Michael. 
McKay held the Alchin Chair of Music at the University of Southern California in the summer of 1939, succeeding Arnold Schoenberg and Howard Hanson in that capacity, and returned to teach at USC for two more visiting sessions in later years. He also had visiting professorships at Oregon, Michigan and Drake. He was concerned with environmental and humanitarian issues throughout his life and especially the cause of world peace. His music evidences a sensitivity to the beauty of nature and the spiritual side of mankind.
The team's field work is done in Palau during yearly expeditions that are usually about a month in duration.  Because many U.S. aircraft shot down in Palau in 1944-1945 crashed in surrounding waters, the BentProp team has done extensive underwater searching (all team members are skilled SCUBA divers), using such tools as a towed caesium magnetometer and side-scan sonar. The team also does extensive land searches in the jungles of Palau, to follow up leads generated through local interviews and the team's archival research.
The sound was discovered in 1827 by the British Captain Phillip Parker King and named after the British Admiralty.
Protection mechanisms, such as disabling or degrading outputs, may be triggered erroneously or maliciously, motivating denial-of-service attacks.
Zhang served as the fifth music director of the Sioux City Symphony Orchestra from 2005 to 2007.  In January 2008, she became the first woman to conduct the Staatskapelle Dresden in its principal hall.  In March 2009, the Orchestra Sinfonica di Milano Giuseppe Verdi announced the appointment of Zhang as its next music director, the first woman to be named music director of an Italian symphony orchestra, effective with the 2009-2010 season.  In December 2010, the Nederlandse Orkest- en Ensemble-Academie (NJO; Dutch Orchestra and Ensemble Academy) named Zhang its newest artistic leader, as of the summer of 2011.  She first guest-conducted the New Jersey Symphony Orchestra in 2010, and returned for further guest appearances in February 2012 and May 2015.  In November 2015, the NJSO announced her appointment as its 14th music director, effective in September 2016, with an initial contract of 4 years.  She is the first female conductor to be named music director of the NJSO.  In December 2015, the BBC National Orchestra of Wales announced her appointment as its next principal guest conductor, effective with the 2016-2017 season, with an initial contract of 3 years.  She is the first female conductor named to a titled post with any BBC orchestra.
The adaptive response is a form of direct DNA repair in E. coli that protects DNA from damage by external agents or by errors during replication. It is initiated against alkylation, particularly methylation, of guanine or thymine nucleotides or phosphate groups on the sugar-phosphate backbone of DNA. Under sustained exposure to low-level treatment with alkylating mutagens, E. coli can adapt to the presence of the mutagen, rendering subsequent treatment with high doses of the same agent less effective.
The Mohawks were riding a 13-game winning coming into the series. Elora upset the Rebels 11-10 in the series opener at the Gaylord Powless Arena and followed up with a 9-6 win at the Elora Community Centre to lead the series 2-0. With their backs to the wall, Six Nations played a more desperate game in Game 3 to come away with a 10-4 victory. Back in Elora the Rebels kept rolling with a 12-7 triumph to force a Game 5. Six Nations completed their comeback with a 7-6 thriller as Cody Johnson would net the series winner with 45 seconds left on the clock to advance to the Ontario Jr B Final against the Halton Hills Bulldogs.
Rompin River (Sungai Rompin) is a river in the Malaysian state of Pahang. It flows through the southeastern part of Pahang before emptying into the South China Sea.
In the opening scene of the episode, the Griffin family is seen watching a television show entitled How I Met Your Father, a parody of the CBS comedy-sitcom How I Met Your Mother, which was created by Craig Thomas and Carter Bays, who were writers for MacFarlane's sister show, American Dad!. Actors Josh Radnor and Neil Patrick Harris make cameo appearances, voicing their characters, Ted Mosby and Barney Stinson, who end up kissing passionately by the end of the scene.
Abol Naga has performed in radio productions as a voice actor. In 2003 he played Sherif in Ahlam El Sabaya (Girls Dreams) directed by Hosny Ghonem. The following year he performed in the romantic comedy radio drama Back to Love (directed by Hessein Ibrahim) in 2004 as Tarek.
Edwards' final demise came in October 1918, when he reported an incident to Liggett involving information two of his soldiers had obtained from German soldiers with whom they had been fraternizing.  The Germans had expressed their belief that the war would be over soon, and that they were reluctant to continue fighting.  While Edwards thought he was reporting the enemy's poor morale to Liggett, he instead gave Liggett an excuse to get rid of Edwards for his zeal in supporting the National Guard.  Liggett reported the incident to Pershing, who took the opportunity to act on his personal vendetta and relieve Edwards of his command.
''Satan's Power: A Deviant Psychotherapy Cult'' (1978).
In July, 2016, David Hourigan, 41, was jailed for 18 months and Richard Brundrett, 41, was jailed for nine months after they were among six people found guilty of selling "shoddy kitchens" on behalf of Mr Miller and all sentenced to terms in prison.
Languages and Lives : Essays in Honor of Werner Enninger by: James R. Dow (Editor), Michelle Wolff (Editor)
Neo Ned is a 2005 romance drama film starring Jeremy Renner, Gabrielle Union, Sally Kirkland, Cary Elwes, Eddie Kaye Thomas and Ethan Suplee. It was written by Tim Boughn and directed by Van Fischer.
Symphony Orchestra of Falcon State, Venezuela.
In the monastery, 100 boys are selected for their musical talent and presented in white robes.
J. T. gains a crush on Paige, who is raped sometime after the two go on a date together and confesses this to him. When he learns of the rape and the identity of the offender, he attacks him. Despite being outclassed, J. T. is able to get him suspended when the boy attacks him in retaliation.
His more recent commercial works are made using a computer without the use of a camera and are generally exhibited as contemporary pop street/urban art.
Banknotes printed on one side only or one half of the page, so as to look valid when folded. Once unfolded, the remainder of the document is blank or carries a message or promotional advertisement
A recent review of his work points out that "Balagangadhara's work establishes how little we understand Western culture. Speaking a Western language does not mean we understand what it is."   This task of understanding the West, "is necessary in order to clear the ground before the contribution of Indian culture can be assessed. It is made necessary because, over the last few hundred years, systems of knowledge worldwide, certainly in academic contexts, have been dominated by questions that Europe has asked of itself and about the rest of the world."
Bamboo rods will benefit from extra care from their owners.  With a little extra maintenance, a bamboo fly rod can be used for many decades.  The rods should be cleaned and stored in a cool, dry place away from sunlight.  Owners are encouraged to avoid bending the rod at acute angles when playing a fish and rod sections should be separated when not in use.  The extra care required to maintain these natural fiber instruments guaranties a long life of use.  For this reason, bamboo fly rods decades or even centuries old, are still valued by anglers today.
The gases extracted from the sample oil are injected into a gas chromatograph where the columns separate gases.  The gases are injected into the chromatograph and transported through a column. The column selectively retards the sample gases and they are identified as they travel past a detector at different times. A plot of detector signal versus time is called the chromatogram.
As a key figure of the Restoration administration, William Bruce became close to other Stuart loyalists, who included such powerful patrons as the Duke of Lauderdale, Lord Haltoun, and the Earl of Rothes. In 1667, he undertook his first building work for Lord Rothes, overseeing the extensions to Leslie House, and later worked on several of Lauderdale's properties, concurrently with Holyroodhouse. In 1668 he was created a Baronet of Nova Scotia.
Little co-starred in two of Quentin Dupieux's surreal films, Wrong and Wrong Cops.
1918: ''Es werde Licht! 3. Teil''
Everything You Want is a 2005 romantic-comedy television film on ABC Family starring Shiri Appleby and Nick Zano.
The car won seven races, five pole positions, and five fastest laps before being replaced with the dominant F2004 in 2004, a car which was almost identical to its predecessor. Schumacher's fastest lap at the Red Bull Ring is still the lap record as of 2014.
She worked in fashion retail for several years, namely Warehouse and Thomas Pink.
The gallery was founded in September 1985 by artist Colleen Barnett. It was named after the defunct arcade (whose signage remained) which had previously occupied the space.   The neighborhood around Block E attracted a broad cross-section of punks, artists, and musicians, and, because of the infamous bar Moby Dick's next door, was also notorious for attracting criminals, vagrants, and alcoholics.
Shriram is a known non-religious rationalist. Once after being conferred with an award called Punyabhushan (Pride of Pune) on behalf of the organization called Tridal, he was interviewed by Sudhir Gadgil. When asked about Jabbar Patel's play, wherein Lagoo had to stand before Lord Vitthal, "did you stand there as a devotee or only as per the demand of the script?" Lagoo replied "I stood there as if I was standing in front of a 'stone' that is known as Panduranga".
Some versions of DoubleTwist use OpenCandy.
Nash first entered reality TV with Before They Were Stars. His credits include the Sci Fi Channel series Who Wants to Be a Superhero? with Stan Lee; World's Most Amazing Videos for Spike TV; Most Shocking as well as Most Daring for truTV; Amazing Sports Stories for Fox Sports Net, which garnered four Sports Emmy nominations; Haunted Lives: True Ghost Stories for CBS, NBC's For Love or Money; Who Wants To Marry My Dad?, ABC Family's 2003 version of Dance Fever with Merv Griffin Entertainment and Bob Bain Productions, and Meet My Folks.  He is also the creator of Modern Marvels.
Cohn-Sherbok, Dan (ed.), Voices of Messianic Judaism: Confronting Critical Issues Facing a Maturing Movement, Baltimore, MO: Lederer Books, 2001.
There is also a growing group of Orthodox Jews known as Hardalim. They are Religious Zionists who moved in their religious observances towards Haredi Judaism. Philosophically, however, they form a part of the Religious Zionist world, and not of the Haredi world.
Mood II Swing feat. Tara J - "Passing Time (Main Vocal Mix)"
Brockmann is a two time winner of the RITA Award from the Romance Writers of America. She has also appeared on the Romance Writers of America Honor Roll for having appeared on both the USA Today and the New York Times Best Sellers list. She has been the recipient of the Romantic Times Reviewers' Choice Awards in 1996, 1998, and 1999, as well as the Romantic Times Career Achievement Award for Series Romance in 1997, 2000, and 2002.
John B. Packer was born in Sunbury, Pennsylvania.  He received private instructions and later attended Sunbury Academy in Sunbury, Pennsylvania.  He was a member of the corps of engineers employed by the State in the survey and construction of public improvements from 1839 to 1842.  He studied law, was admitted to the bar on August 6, 1844, and commenced the practice of his profession in Sunbury.  He was also engaged in banking.  He served as deputy attorney general from 1845 to 1847.  He served in the Pennsylvania State House of Representatives in 1850 and 1851.  He was one of the organizers of the Susquehanna Railroad Company in 1851.
Kidd thought the "white race" possessed "intellectual superiority" because of its "accumulated knowledge," not (as racists held) because of an innate endowment. 
In 1998, Blonska achieved 3rd place in the national championships with 5554 points and, in 1999, improved her personal best (PB) to 5765.
A requirement of independence:The appraiser must not act in favor of the client or any other party.
Warlord Krang was born in Atlantis City, Atlantis. He became a leader of the Atlantean military and warlord of Atlantis who rose to prominence during the time in which Namor, the Prince of Atlantis was missing. Upon Namor's return, Krang's bride-to-be, the Lady Dorma, deserted him for Namor, bringing a great hatred for Namor from Krang. Shortly thereafter, when Namor attempted  to conquer New York City, he made Krang his second in command. However, the Fantastic Four fought off the first attack and Namor stopped the invasion in order to save Sue Storm of the Fantastic Four. Feeling that Namor had betrayed his own people to save an enemy, Krang was even more angered and after the Atlanteans left Atlantis he seized control and usurped the throne of Atlantis from Namor. Krang imprisoned Namor, and forced the Prince to prove himself on a quest to find Neptune's trident, made additionally difficult by traps set by Krang. Meanwhile, Krang plotted a conquest of the surface world, ruled Atlantis as a despot, and put down a revolt against his rule. When Namor returned, he defeated Krang in personal combat. Krang was dethroned and exiled.
John Roemer, Humberto Llavador and Joaquim Silvestre have argued that an analysis of the problem must consider both the ethical and economic issues associated with discounting. They have made the claim that high rates of discounting as the ones proposed by Nordhaus are only consistent with the infinitely-lived-representative-agent approach to economic modelling. Intergenerational justice would require more realistic assumption: one particular view is what they call the "sustainabilitarian" approach, which seeks to maximise present consumption subject to the constraint that future generations enjoy a quality of life at least as good as that enjoyed by the current generation. They support the discount factors used in the Stern analysis, particularly the view that discounting should reflect only the probability that the world will end at a given future date, and not the "impatience" of an infinitely lived representative consumer.)
Balkan Games in Thessaloniki in 1976 (gold medal).
The Mary Gilmore Prize for the best first book of poetry is given to a first book of poetry from the previous two years; prior to 1998 it was awarded annually. It is conducted by the Association for the Study of Australian Literature and named after the writer and socialist Dame Mary Gilmore.
Restrictions on emigration from states ruled by communist parties received extensive publicity. In the West, the Berlin wall emerged as a symbol of such restrictions. During the Berlin Wall's existence, sixty thousand people unsuccessfully attempted to emigrate illegally from East Germany and received jail terms for such actions; there were around five thousand successful escapes into West Berlin; and 239 people were killed trying to cross. 
The deviation from ideality is taken to be a function of the potential energy resulting from the electrostatic interactions between ions and their surrounding clouds. To calculate this energy two steps are needed.
The university is approved by the University Grants Commission, All India Council for Technical Education and is accredited by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC). It has been given an overall 'A' Grade by NAAC. According to National Institutional Ranking Framework Ranking Noorul Islam University was in 75th Place As of 2016 Ranking  among 754 universities in India.
At that time, the Iroquois started attacking the French again and the impeding approach of the English fighters loomed ahead.
Character building is what the C stands for in the original Catholic approach. As the young girls are being approached by "sugar daddies", they stop using condoms. Having several lovers leads to a highway for Aids. Youngsters are being thought to stand firm and stick with one partner.
(Note: Most references archived at Church of Scotland Extranet search.)  Obtained 3 November 2006.
Eventually, Elaine discovered that Mona's old school principal, Mr. Waddington, was the murderer. To cover his tracks, he kidnapped Elaine and tried to murder her, too. However, Elaine was able to poison his drink with an overdose of illegal drugs that he had been selling. As he began to drown into death, she slipped into his mind and began to fall uncontrollably until she was caught by the power of a handsome blonde stranger. She realized immediately this man was Lucifer Morningstar.
In 1977, Jock retired as president of Ewing Oil. He made J.R. his successor and took a more active role in running Southfork with foreman Ray Krebbs.
'''''crystal2: Circus Vocal Collection Vol.2''''' (Released January 13, 2005)
Forestry is the main industry. The main rivers are used to transport timber. Iron, gold, silver, copper, tungsten, graphite and nickel deposits are found in the county. Agriculture is also practised. Red pepper, corn, beans, potatoes, rice and flax are mainly produced. Sericulture is also practised.
The campus features two major buildings housing lecture halls, a library, technique labs, physical examination labs, and an X-ray view room, as well as ample study and common networks and consortia to expand student access to resources and cooperative services.
On April 2015, Salido lost a 12 round unanimous decision to Roman Martinez, also losing his title in the process. Prior to this fight, Salido was undefeated against Puerto Rican boxers. Salido was knocked down twice in the fight in rounds 3 and 5 and also docked a point for low blow in round 11 as Martinez won all three judges scorecards, who had it at 14-111, 115-110 and 116-109.
He successfully ran in the 1993 general elections and took the oath of the office of Minister for Ministry of Local Government and Rural Development. However, he resigned from his ministry after being nominated by Benazir Bhutto for office of the Speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan in 1993. He was the Speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan until 1997 when the new general election in 1997 was held in the country. He was succeeded by Ilahi Bux of the Pakistan Muslim League-N on 2 February 1997.
El Shorouk Academy is a private educational academy, officially licensed by the Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Research, located in El Shorouk city, Cairo, Egypt. It has been operating since 1995.
The game features 12 Ford cars from both the United States and Europe lines and 8 Tracks on which the 12 cars can race. The game features a career mode with several different types of races and the ability to upgrade the cars with various upgrades.
He has performed all over the world, including across Asia and the Middle East, and regularly travels the United Kingdom playing the countries top comedy clubs.
Glenlyon Dam provides water for irrigation of grain and fodder crops. It is managed by SunWater. Swimming, fishing, boating and water skiing are all permitted, with no restrictions on boating except near the dam wall. Two boat ramps facilitate access for boating. In the upper reaches of feeder creeks there a large areas of standing timber and submerged logs.
The building is officially a university-owned dormitory subject to university housing restrictions and fees, but most members of the club choose to live in 2D in order to participate in the dining co-op.  All residents are given the opportunity to join the co-op and the remaining members are chosen through a lottery.  Approximately half of the members of the co-op actually live in the house, while the other half live either on campus or elsewhere.
He is particularly interested in questions to do with the origins and historical reliability of the gospels. He is involved in helping people to understand the first century context of Jesus and the early church, and to get students to be intelligently and responsibly excited about the New Testament (and equipped to teach it to others). He has written many publications including "The Parables of Jesus" (IVP), a guide to the teaching of Jesus and his most recent book "Paul and Jesus: the true story" (SPCK/Eerdmans) an introduction to Paul, looking at questions of history and theology in the book of Acts, Paul's letters and the gospels.
Some fountains, such as the Ontario Science Centre FUNtain Hydraulophone and the flame fountain in Nathan Philips Square, are designed to run year-round by virtue of heated water, whereas others require that the water be drained and that all apertures be covered to keep rainwater from entering the fountain and freezing inside. Fountains and other water features are often drained and sealed up so that water inside does not freeze or cause breakage of the pipes in the fountain.
Crawfurd makes a daring escape by climbing a cascade up and out of the cave. He rejoins Arcoll and is instrumental in bringing about the disarmament of the native uprising and the subsequent peace. With Arcoll's help he is rewarded with a large portion of the treasure hidden in the cave and eventually returns to Scotland a rich man.
2. Penzes Attila 12.Goals /13 match.
In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1325.
The breed region is circumscribed almost exclusively to the Northern Portuguese districts of Viseu, Aveiro, Porto, and Braga.
Devlin's latest film, The Front Man, is a documentary which follows the rock-and-roll career of the Loaded Poets, a band from North Brunswick, NJ.  The film documents the band's struggle for success and the member's continued dream of rock and roll fame.  The band also appeared in Devlin's first film Rockin' Brunswick, which documented the 1980s New Brunswick, NJ music scene.
In the novel and manga, after Sakamochi/Yonemi Kamon reveals that he has raped Yoshitoki's guardian (orphanage overseer) who protested about her two charges being involved in the Program, Yoshitoki lashes out at the teacher in a fit of rage. Showing hatred for a government official is illegal, so Sakamochi orders him to be fired at by the government men standing nearby. He is shot on the left side of the mouth which knocks out most of his teeth and severs his tongue. It leaves him with the inability to speak. He is left to bleed and die before Sakamochi decides to put him out of his misery and shoot him in the head, killing him. In the manga he is shot in the face personally by Kamon, who later executes him as a mercy killing. Later on in the manga Shuya revealed that Yoshi's parents had gotten divorced when he was very young and his mother had then abandoned him, prompting Yoshi to be taken into care where he eventually met Shuya and the two ended up developing a strong friendship. In the manga he tells Shuya he has a crush on a girl, which Shuya assumes to be Noriko. Because of this Shuya does his very best to protect Noriko from danger. Shuya later realizes the girl Yoshitoki loved was Miss Ryoko, the orphanage overseer, because she was the one woman who would never leave him, hence his outrage at the news of her rape.
"Ted" is episode 11 of season two of Buffy the Vampire Slayer. It was written by David Greenwalt and Joss Whedon, and guest starred John Ritter as Ted.
Initial D Arcade Stage 4 is a racing game developed by Sega. It is the sequel to Initial D Arcade Stage Ver.3. This version has been heavily updated compared to its predecessors. The game underwent location testing from October 21, 2006 to October 30, 2006 in game centers in Tokyo, Osaka, and Aomori, Japan, and was released on February 21, 2007. The international version was released in July 2007 which is named Initial D 4. This is the last installment of the series to be officially released in Western countries.
In October 2008, the Chief Inspector of Prisons warned that many inmates held at Brixton Prison were taking drugs, and this was leading to  violent attacks amongst gangs at the prison. The inspector also claimed that the prison was infested with vermin.
Jakob Bengel, locksmith, founded his company in 1873 in Idar-Oberstein and originally manufactured pocket watch chains.
Situated at the south side of the Jalan Tun Sambanthan 4-Jalan Tebing (Malay; English: Tun Sambanthan Road 4-River Bank Road) intersection in the Brickfields district of Kuala Lumpur, the station resides at the western bank of the Klang River (or the left bank of the river), just beside Methodist College Kuala Lumpur (MCKL), and the Malaysian Association of the Blind (MAB) opposite Jalan Tun Sambanthan 4. The station is situated close to a pedestrian bridge that crosses the Klang River, connecting the area to Jalan Syed Putra (Syed Putra Road) that adjoins the Federal Highway and the Kuen Cheng Girls School just opposite the river. The station has only one exit which connects to the west side of Jalan Tebing.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in February 1996. Prior to its listing on the Register, the Fourplex was also known as the Kuhn Apartments.
Mola Sylla (born Dakar, Senegal, 1956) is a Senegalese musician. He moved to Europe in 1987 and lives in Amsterdam, Netherlands.  He is a singer and plays such traditional African instruments as the mbira, kongoma (Senegalese lamellophone), xalam, and kalimba.
A second sense of the term "environmental sculpture", with a somewhat different emphasis, is sculpture created for a particular set of surroundings. Thus, contemporary sculptor Beth Galston writes: "An environmental sculptor plans a piece from the very beginning in relationship to its surroundings. The site is a catalyst, becoming part of the creative process." This is quite different from a Nevelson sculpture, which can usually be moved from place to place, like a conventional sculpture, without losing its meaning and effectiveness.
The disease is believed to be induced by a combination of Epstein Barr virus infection and immunosuppression through; immunosuppressive drugs (with case reports of methotrexate and azathioprine), infections such as HIV or chronic viral hepatitis or endogenous T-cell defects.
''"Across the Years''" (for two-part children's chorus accompanied by string quintet, piano duet and percussion or piano duet/solo). Seven contrasting movements drawing on traditional songs and melodies, with the theme of music across the generations (30 minutes). 
1995 was the first time Sri Lanka entered into a World Cup qualifying tournament. Sri Lanka was in Group A along with Japan, Taiwan and Malaysia. They lost all three games scoring an aggregate of 30 against 155. Japan went on to qualify for the World cup.
Der Blaue Reiter (The Blue Rider), a group of expressionist artists, was established in Munich in 1911.
Despite various reports, the ultimate fate of the Venus is unknown. This may have led to speculation by those left behind, with fantasies leading to the creation of this drinking song. One of the verses also refers to a 'Charlotte':
The Danelectro Convertible was a hollow-bodied thinline acoustic/electric guitar based on the Shorthorn. It had a conventional round sound hole with a lipstick pickup mounted  across the hole. The Convertible name came from the ability to play it unplugged as an acoustic guitar or plugged in as an electric guitar. The Convertible has the double cutaway shape used on Danelectro's DC series of guitars.
To celebrate its 75th anniversary, Alfa Romeo launched a 75 range to compete with the likes of the BMW 3 Series.
Father Yod/Yahowha had a core communal group of 150 people living in the Hollywood hills. He had 14 wives and 3 children.
In the Upper School, SMH offers 25 Advanced Placement (AP) courses, and the student body takes 481 AP exams annually, on average. Averages based on 2009-2013 graduation statistics.
Pipien reappeared in 1997, when he replaced original bassist Johnny Colt in multi-platinum rock act The Black Crowes. He would spend the next year performing live with the band and making contributions to their fifth studio album, By Your Side, which was finally released in January 1999 after several delays. A live EP, Souled Out...Live!, would appear later in the same year, culled from the band's support tour for By Your Side.
Paris's governing body, the Government of National Defense, initiated the armistice by surrendering to the Germans after the siege of Paris. Jules Favre, a prominent French politician, met with Otto von Bismarck in Versailles to sign the armistice to be put into effect 28 January 1871. Adolphe Thiers then emerged as the new French leader as the country began reconstructing its government.
Kurt Robert Stille (born 19 November 1934) is a former Danish speed skater, who competed at top international levels from 1957 to 1964.
with a specified covariance matrix.
Ludwig, Gary. "Tommy Hinnershitz - The Life and Times of an Auto-Racing Legend." ISBN 978-0-9815099-4-5. Basket Road Press Inc. 2009.
In polite speech, Thais address each or refer to each other by a given name, preceded by the courtesy title khun, particularly with persons of higher status or public distinction. Thus, the ministers mentioned above would be addressed and referred to as "Khun Mongkol" and "Khun Kasem". "Khun" pronounced with an even tone should not be confused with rising-tone khun, an obsolete feudal title, or ever replaced with "Khunying", comparable to formal Lady in Western culture, still sometimes awarded.
He Qun, accustomed to this kind of thing, being a celebrity, recognizes trouble when he sees it, so he runs for his life dragging Xiao Shi with him as to protect him from the idea of two-timing his ex-girlfriend, Rita, who had broken up with him for his brother just hours before. Through a series of mishaps, tossed in with a bit of fate, He Qun ends up providing refuge for Xiao Shi in his own bedroom, for the night.
The City of Windsor's Parks and Recreation department has rectified the gap between the Riverfront Trail and Sandwich Towne and the Russell Street Neighbourhood Trail, by extending bicycle lanes along University Avenue and Sandwich Street, all the way to Prince Road.
Bishan Singh died at 6.43am at the Tengku Ampuan Afzan Hospital on November 30, 2006, aged 62; the cause of death was listed as pulmonary embolism.
Seismic activities occurred on the island in 1982, 1990, 1998 and in 2004. These occurred at Cadamosto seamount between Brava and Fogo Island.  Rock types are made up of phonolite and ignimbrite.
Stentato (Greek Stentor, a character with a powerful voice in Homer's Iliad) is a musical expression which means "loud" or "boisterous". An alternate meaning is "strong and forced".  It is usually abbreviated "stent." and can be seen in the score for Ottorino Respighi's 1924 composition, Pini di Roma.
Pendrin is an ion exchanger found in many types of cells in the body. For example it is found in the cortical collecting duct lining cells in the kidney.
Floating Hospital for Children began as a hospital ship sailing the Boston Harbor for the first time in 1894. Heralded as a major innovation in pediatric medicine, the mission of the hospital ship was to take ill urban children out onto the harbor to experience the healing qualities of fresh sea air and sunshine.
As was often the case with Native American trails, the Sheshequin Path split into multiple pathways at each end. In Lycoming County there were three branches that eventually led to Lycoming Creek. Each connected with the Great Shamokin Path that ran along the West Branch Susquehanna River south to the village of Shamokin (modern Sunbury) and west to the "Great Island" (at modern Lock Haven) and further west to Kittanning on the Allegheny River.
At a dinner at the Blair residence that evening, Merek tells Emily what he really thinks of her, and it turns out his father used to work in one of the Blair factories but was fired right before Christmas one year. Merek still remembers how Emily stared at him at the company's Christmas gathering.
The University offers MBA degree and the Department of Management is known as the School of Management Studies is situated at the DC Court Junction in Dimapur, Nagaland.The Department of Management Studies under the School of Management Studies was inaugurated on the 29th of October 2007, and the first batch of MBA students was admitted in 2008.
In the wake of the scandal, nearly 1,400 cases were put under review; by 1997, between 160 and 300 had been overturned, leading to the release of more than 100 persons.  Beyond the convictions obtained by federal prosecutors, no one in the PPD was explicitly punished, other than being transferred to other units within the department. With the exception of Philadelphia Police Detective James Dambach, who upon returning to regular police duties found himself to be a pariah within the ranks. Labeled a "Gink" (Philadelphia police term for rat), Dambach endured the label and eventually attained the rank of lieutenant.
Ray Richmond of Variety noted that Monkey-ed Movies "proved to be clever stuff, in large part because it was short and sweet. It was just an irreverent little diversion made terrific by some dedicated training and impressive mimicry."
At the start of the final round, Melbourne, Collingwood and Brisbane sat 8th, 9th and 10th respectively, all on nine wins. Brisbane needed to beat Melbourne, and rely on Sydney (12th place) beating Collingwood to reach the finals. Brisbane beat Melbourne by 21 points of Friday night, then watched on Sunday as Sydney scored eight final quarter goals to overhaul Collingwood by 23 points.
BYU has Men and Women's Swimming and Diving Teams which have produced 26 Olympians and 31 All-Americans. In the 2009-10 NCAA NCAA final ranking: Women (1) Men (3).
In April 1982 Air North acquired three Fokker F.27 airliners that had previously been operated in California by the defunct Swift Aire Lines which had acquired these turboprop aircraft new from the manufacturer.  Air North adopted Swift Aire's green and white livery design and added the Fokkers' 48-seat capacity to the airline's expanding route network that by then included New York City, Philadelphia and Washington along with a connecting hub at Binghamton, NY.
Morphology of shapes: extract features, describe shapes and recognize patterns in images.
The story is an anthology of 3 separate fairy tales.
The effect of explicit solute model on solute behavior in biomolecular simulations has been also extensively studied. It was shown that explicit water models affected the specific solvation and dynamics of unfolded peptides while the conformational behavior and flexibility of folded peptides remained intact.
Cabinet formation was again difficult due to the growing friction between PvdA and KVP.  Despite the fact that this was the first post-war cabinet with the right-wing VDD and without the socialist PvdA, it continued with the building up social security that was started after the war, made possible by the continually growing economy. The free Saturday was introduced (for civil servants, in 1961), as well as laws for education (mammoetwet), unemployment benefit (bijstandwet) and child benefit (kinderbijslagwet).  Natural gas was discovered in Slochteren, which would later turn out to be one of the biggest gas reserves in the world and a major source of income for the Netherlands in the decades to come.
Bailey holds a bachelor's and master's degrees in English from the University of Alabama and a doctorate in English linguistics from the University of Tennessee. He did postdoctoral studies at Emory University and Stanford University. He is the author of about 100 books and articles.
Gregory "Greg" Meghoo (born 11 August 1965 in Ewarton, Saint Catherine) is a former Jamaican athlete who mainly competed in the 100 metres.
The community of Beselich borders in the north on the communities of Merenberg and Waldbrunn, in the east on the town of Weilburg, in the south on the town of Runkel and the district seat of Limburg, also a town, and in the west on the town of Hadamar.
The band has been on-again, off-again over the last decade. They officially disbanded in 2005 but as of 2006 had announced they were back together with a new line-up.
The third book in the series, ''Shock Warning,'' was published in late September, 2011, and two other installments are scheduled.
Note: These songlists include the names of the artists who most famously recorded the song. The songs as they appear in the game are covers, with the exceptions being the song "Dance Like There's No Tomorrow", which is the master recording of the Paula Abdul song, and 10 original Mowtown songs in the Xbox version of Karaoke Revolution
Mothers give birth to only a single young at a time. Newborns are blind, deaf, and hairless, with soft, pink, skin, although the scutes are already visible. They have been reported to live for over seven years.
Recent decades have seen a surge in the birth of "supraterritorial institutions and associations", that have been gathered by their enactment of common law and practices.  European Union's regional expansion into Southeastern Europe to include Romania is one such example.  The community of European states has enacted treaties that have allowed them to unite politically and economically.
In February 2012, LeFavour announced that she would not be seeking re-election to the state legislature, but announced her candidacy for the United States Congress in Idaho's 2nd District the following month. She challenged seven-term Republican U.S. Congressman Mike Simpson, whom she debated twice and criticized as being only superficially moderate, citing his vote against discrimination protections for women in the workplace.
In 1997, Torres was a member of the third place team at the 1997 World University Games.  Torres ended the tournament as the U.S. team's leading scorer with 5 goals.  Torres has played for the U.S. Futsal team from 1999 to 2006, earning 13 caps and scoring 9 goals.  He was the team leader with five goals at the 2004 FIFA Futsal World Championship.
Once a film has been rated by the German ratings board, that is its rating for both cinema and video releases. It is legal to have two versions of a film. Often, there is a cut "FSK 16" version (equivalent to the R-rating by the MPAA) released in cinemas and an uncut "FSK 18" version (equivalent to an NC-17 rating) on video. Films rated "FSK 18" are not stocked by all video shops, which affects rentals of violent German horror.
The ridge continues north east, narrowing again above Langdale Combe. At this point it is crossed by Stake Pass, a walkers' thoroughfare running from Great Langdale to Borrowdale via the Langstrath. It now sees increased traffic as a part of the popular Cumbria Way long distance route. Beyond the Stake with its small summit tarn the ridge turns east and broadens, becoming indistinct as it crosses Martcrag Moor before rising to the Langdale Pikes.
Eighteen teams played 80 games each in the schedule. The Philadelphia Phantoms repeated finishing first overall in the regular season, and won their first Calder Cup championship.
The bird is only social during breeding. The male performs a courtship display by flying in U-shaped patterns before the female. There is no pair bond and the male is not involved with nesting or the rearing of the young. Both male and female mate with several partners.
The first four elements are called primary qualities, and are predominant in kalapas. The other four are secondary properties that derive from the primaries.  Certain kalapas are said to also include additional elements, including sound, sex, body, mind-base and life.  In contemporary Buddhist meditation practice, the observation and analysis of kalapas is a type of vipassana practice that aims to allow direct observation of impermanence and non-self. Contemporary adherents of practices related to the observation and analysis of kalapas include U Ba Khin, S.N. Goenka and Pa Auk Sayadaw.  Mahasi Sayadaw expressed a belief that kalapas played a role in aging, death and rebirth.
The neighborhood has several churches located within its boundaries and includes the schools Brookhaven High School and Maize Road Elementary.  It annually holds its Neighborhood Blast (a community garage sale) that is well attended by the community.
James Garbett (1802-1879) was a British academic and Anglican cleric who became the Archdeacon of Chichester.
Agricultural High School opened in Sparks, Maryland in 1909 and had its first graduating class in 1912.  The name was changed to Sparks High School around 1920, and it was converted into an elementary school in 1953.  Hereford High School was established in Hereford, Maryland to replace Sparks High School in 1954. It originally was home to a large population of farmers' children, due to the fact that at one time, Hereford's economy was almost entirely agriculture based. Since then, the disappearance of small farms and the growth of suburban housing development has caused the high school's agrarian roots to be carried on mostly by local tradition and its agricultural courses.
''Promises Kept: John F. Kennedy's New Frontier.'' New York: Oxford University Press, 1991. ISBN 0-19-504641-2
The center section of the dirt and sawdust floor was replaced with a concrete floor in 1918, and at the same time some of the original pine benches were replaced with 586 "opera chairs".
Torii and his family then committed suicide, his selfless sacrifice coming to be known later as a great example of samurai loyalty and honor. The castle would be regained by Tokugawa soon afterwards, following his victory at Sekigahara.
The Smadar theater was built in Jerusalem's German Colony in 1928. It was German-owned and mainly served the British Army. In 1935, it opened for commercial screenings as the "Orient Cinema." It was turned over to Jewish management to keep it from being boycotted as a German business, infuriating the head of the Nazi Party branch in Jerusalem. After 1948, it was bought by four demobilized soldiers, one of them Arye Chechik, who bought out his partners in 1950. According to a journalist who lived next door, Chechik sold the tickets, ran to collect them at the door and worked as the projectionist. His wife ran the concession stand.
Evarcha jucunda is a species of jumping spider.
Results: Wise Counsellor 3/4 len. Epinard 3 len. Ladkin.  1:11.80.
Rogers became an amputee following an accident with a shotgun on Memorial Day 1998.
Fast Break is a 1989 video game developed and published by Accolade.  It was released for the Amiga, Apple IIgs, Commodore 64, Macintosh and DOS.
It is best known for its production of black pepper and coal.
Nikolaj Lie Kaas (born 22 May 1973) is a prominent Danish actor whose career rose in the 1990s and who is still actively working today. He has hosted the Zulu Comedy Galla on Danish TV three times. (2009, 2011, 2012)
Big Sky Aviation is the current FBO on the field serving General Aviation traffic. FBO services include full service 100LL Avgas and Jet A fuel.
As well as Soccer in the fall, the independent school added Indoor Soccer in the winter/spring transition of the 2015 year. Long Trail has competed against notable schools such as Rutland High School, Otter Valley Union High School, and Proctor Junior/Senior High School. 
In 1956, Philco had developed an "improved" higher-speed version of its original surface-barrier transistor, which was used in military applications and was called the surface-barrier diffused-base transistor (SBDT). Philco had used surface diffusion of a gaseous form of phosphorus atom particles, to penetrate the surface of the intrinsic semiconductor base material. The Philco SBDT transistor was capable of operating in the UHF range. Philco's SBDT improved surface-barrier transistor, was used in the early prototype design of the 10-milliwatt Minitrack satellite transistorized (radio beacon) transmitter, for the United States Navy Vanguard I satellite project program.
TCV stands for The Class of Velfarre; the nickname of Velfarre's VIP Floor.
During the 2005 World Championships she tested positive for the banned stimulant pemoline in an in-competition test. 
Morley is the son of a former Nottingham Forest player and was rejected as a teenager by Derby County. Forced to move into non-league football with Corby Town  and Nuneaton Borough with whom he won the Southern League title in 1982.
The species was first discovered in 1996 by members of the Nelson Botanical Society, however, the Department of Conservation was unaware of its existence until 2004. Department of Conservation scientists initially thought that there appeared to be less than 1,000 of these snails.
''This article is about Little Arabia District in southern California, previously known as Garza Island, which later became known as Little Gaza and ultimately Little Arabia.''
"Hinrich pulled his hand. Hinrich grabbed his hand, which he does all of the time...That's what he does anytime Dwyane comes off screens. They always either grab his shirt or hand. It's a little bit of a tactic down below the body. The officials can't see it. So he had Dwyane's hand and tried to pull it out of there." In his third incident with the Bulls, Posey was ejected after clotheslining Deng in midair. He was suspended for one game. After hitting the floor, Deng was grabbing his right wrist, which had surgery a year before. Ben Gordon did not appreciate Riley's comments after the game, especially since Posey was ejected for taking down Deng from behind in the fourth quarter. "I heard him saying something about Kirk. Kirk didn't do anything dirty...he was just playing aggressive defense. Posey's was way more blatant. I don't appreciate him taking shots at our guys."
Postinor-2 is available in Saudi Arabia.
IIAS does have one additional requirement that is not normally found with food stamps, though the U.S. Department of Agriculture can audit retailers directly for similar purposes:  Beginning January 1, 2007, the merchant must make a record of each transaction available to the employer, or more commonly, to the employer's FSA or HRA provider.  This can be done contemporaneously with the transaction, or it may be provided later if the Internal Revenue Service ever audits the employer.
Stanton is derived from the Old English for "farmstead by the stones", probably after the prehistoric stone circle known as the Devil's Quoits, southwest of the village. The site is a scheduled monument.
He currently resides in Lausanne, Switzerland.
Orthogonal Partitioning Clustering (O-Cluster).
Reinventing a Lost Art was the debut album by New Jersey-based indie, pop-punk group, Tokyo Rose. This album was the only that featured Greg Doran on guitar, as he, soon after the release, left the band to become a guitar teacher in his hometown. Since the record's release, two more albums have been recorded, and fared better than the previous: New American Saint and 2007's The Promise in Compromise.
A squadron maintenance of utility helicopters (Puma).
The information woman works at a help desk in a shopping centre. When shoppers ask for her assistance, she would misunderstand them or mistakenly believe that they were trying to engage in friendly conversation with her. An example is when someone approaches her at the information desk and says "Excuse me, I've lost my mother." to which she responds "Oh I'm so sorry to hear that." believing the mother to be deceased rather than just lost. She only appeared in one episode of series 1.
The new body style featured a fastback roofline and ventless full-door glass with no rear side quarter windows. Doors were wider to permit easier access to the rear seat, and new pull-up handles replaced the old handles, for which the lower button had to be pushed in to open the door. The roof was a new double-shell unit for improved rollover protection and noise reduction. The base model featured a separate bumper/grille design with parking lights under the bumper, while the Rally Sport option included a distinctive grille surrounded by a flexible Endura material along with round parking lights beside the headlights and bumperettes surrounding on both sides of the grille. The rear was highlighted by four round taillights similar to the Corvette. A convertible was not offered, making this the only Camaro generation not to offer one.
Goulian flies a Cirrus SR22 for his business and personal travels. Cirrus Aircraft has been one of the main sponsors of Team Goulian in the Red Bull Air Race World Championship seasons since 2014.
Thousands of live bees were used during production, with the understanding that the bees would not sting without a queen present. However, this theory proved incorrect, and Vanessa Morley, who played the Samantha Mulder clones, was stung during filming. She kept quiet and did not react until the scene had finished filming, leading Spotnitz to call her "a trooper". The cold open for the episode, with multiple cloned boys, was achieved with motion control photography, allowing for two children to play all five of the clones; multiple takes were recorded with the boys in different positions, and with the camera controlled by a computer to follow exactly the same motions for each take, these could be seamlessly composited together. 
Corona graduated with gold medal honors from the Ateneo de Manila grade school in 1962 and high school in 1966.
There is also evidence of a large circular embanked enclosure on the common which may have been a signalling post, hunting lodge, small ringwork castle or religious site. Mesolithic and Neolithic artefacts have also been found at the site.
The tree is not known to remain in cultivation.
Shelter was laid down on 16 August 1943 by Winslow Marine Railway and Shipbuilding Company of Winslow, Washington; launched on 14 November 1943; sponsored by Miss Patricia Whittenberg, and commissioned on 9 July 1944, Lt. Samuel D. LaTourneau in command.
As hurling entered the new millennium, it remains Ireland's second most popular sport. An extended qualifier system resulted in a longer All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, but Cork and Kilkenny have come to dominate the championship (they have won six of the seven All-Irelands so far played) and some argue that the All-Ireland has become less competitive. Pay-for-play remains controversial and the Gaelic Players Association continues to grow in strength. The inauguration of the Christy Ring Cup and Nicky Rackard Cup gave new championships and an opportunity to play in Croke Park to the weaker county teams.
Colorado Academy fields Colorado High School Activities Association-sanctioned competition teams in basketball, cross country, field hockey, golf, ice hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming, tennis, and volleyball. These teams compete in 3A and 5A classification in the Metro League and Southern League. Additional competitive sports available to students include rock climbing and ultimate Frisbee. Non-competitive options include conditioning, cross-training, and yoga.
After graduating from Emerson, McCusker drove across country to West Hollywood, California where he obtained work as a production assistant. Mike McCusker later worked on the television series, The Simpsons. He became interested in film editing and became an assistant editor on a Showtime anthology called Fallen Angels. 
In the past, an EMD GP18 had been operated, but it was sold to the New Hampshire Northcoast.
Although Native Americans called the river Aboutsett ("winding stream"), European settlers first called it the River at Saugus, where Saugus (possibly a native word for "long") arguably named the beach running from Swampscott to Revere (there are competing theories as to the origin of the word "Saugus"). In early European times, alewives and bass were harvested from 1632 onwards. The Saugus Iron Works used water power from the river in by 1642, and the river subsequently attracted grist mills, chocolate mills, wool and flannel mills, and a tannery.
The 16th Laird of Penkill, Evelyn May Courtney-Boyd, was also the last; she sold Penkill Castle in the 1980s. It was bought by an American lawyer, Elton Eckstrand, who further restored it. In 1992 Penkill was sold by Eckstrand to Scots-born Canadian businessman Don Brown, then subsequently in 1993 to the then HTV Wales chairman and TV producer and director Patrick Dromgoole, and thus remains in private hands.
Born in York, Swalwell appeared for Yorkshire's Second XI on a number of occasions just after the turn of the 20th century, in separate matches scoring 109 and 100 against Surrey's Second XI, but it was not until 1907 that he made his first-class debut, for Worcestershire against Yorkshire in the County Championship at New Road. He made 35 and 14 in Worcestershire's 54-run victory, and played five further matches that summer, his top score being 40 in a loss to Oxford University. Swalwell played six times in 1908, hitting 57 against Oxford University, but then did not appear again in first-class cricket until 1913, playing five times in total in that and the following season, four games being for Worcestershire and one for MCC.
Chloe was the Essex Chronicle Sports Personality of the Year 2009 and was presented with the award at the County Ground in Chelmsford by Essex and former Zimbabwean cricketer, Grant Flower. The award was voted for by readers of the Essex Chronicle and Brentwood Gazette. And she achieved this award again during 2012.
Starsailor have covered this song in concert and in 2008, Elvis Costello covered "Wild Night" at the Hardly Strictly Bluegrass Festival.
Karnataka Power Corporation Limited (or KPCL) is a company owned by the government of Karnataka, and is engaged in the Service of generating electrical power in the state of Karnataka in India. The modes for generation of electric power are hydroelectric, thermal and diesel. The company was started on 20.07.1970 due to a vision of the Karnataka government for separate entities for generation and distribution of electric power. This was done, long before world bank dictated power sector reforms were initiated in early 21st century in India.
Argentina exerted pressure at the United Nations by raising subtle hints of a possible invasion, but the British either missed or ignored this threat and did not react. The Argentines assumed that the British would not use force if the islands were invaded.
Gooch's grandson, Kerry Gooch, became Executive Director of the Kansas Democratic Party in 2015.
(1999): ''Comme une rue pavee'', for violin, clarinet and piano.
Bootsy's second album is widely considered his best: the Motherpage gives it five-star ratings. Similar to most of Bootsy's other work, it is divided between dance tracks and slow jams. The song "The Pinocchio Theory" inspired the George Clinton creation Sir Nose D'voidoffunk (see P-Funk mythology: the song says if you fake the funk, your nose will grow, and Sir Nose fakes the funk).
The CD was recorded in both Holland (Excess Studio) and Germany (Beautiful Lake Studio).
Sibley, Jr., F. Ray, ''The Confederate Order of Battle, Volume 1, The Army of Northern Virginia'', Shippensburg, Pennsylvania, 1996. ISBN 0-942597-73-7
Lived at Itchen Stoke, near Alresford, Hampshire, and died there 22 February 1963.
Stefan Arndt (born 1961) is a German film producer and managing partner of X Filme Creative Pool, which he started with fellow friends Tom Tykwer, Wolfgang Becker and Dani Levy. X Filme is one of Germany's most prosperous and famous production companies. Arndt produces many X Filme productions and acts as head manager of the company. He produced the films Cloud Atlas, Alone in Berlin and Frantz.
Vivian and Leo built a British Howard Wright biplane, which Vivian first flew on 5 February 1911. This was the first recognised powered flight made in New Zealand.
Two dimensional error diffusion reduces the visual artifacts.
The elements below pivots are zero and elements above pivots are nonnegative and strictly smaller than the pivot.
Charlotte enjoyed a lavish lifestyle, often travelling to Cannes, France, her favourite watering place, and always in style, with a private coupe on the train, eating off her own silver and eggshell china, and surrounded by a suite of couriers, valets de chambre and maids.
In the United States, tax records are not publicly available, with the exception of Forms 990 and 1023 for nonprofit organizations which are generally open for public inspection. Selected tax data is released as economic data for research. In other countries such as Norway and Finland, tax records are public information. Tax filings in the U.S. were not private when federal income taxation began in 1861, but controversy led to Congress prohibiting any examination of tax records by 1894. Congress allowed public examination of individual and corporate tax payments only in 1923, but the disclosure was eliminated by 1924. In 1934 the measure was briefly considered again. As of 2010, various experts have advocated that the income and tax payments be released for individuals and corporations to shed further light on tax efficiency and spur reform. These experts have suggested only releasing information that cannot be used for identity theft to address privacy concerns.
U. americana is also the most susceptible of all the elms to verticillium wilt.
The following was extracted from an article titled "The Historical Events Behind the Celebrated Ballad "Naomi Wise" by Robert Roote, published by the North Carolina Folklore Journal, Vol. 32, No. 2, of the Fall-Winter 1984 edition.
The Buffalo Township Public Library, now the Polo Public Library, is a library listed on the National Register of Historic Places located in the Ogle County, Illinois city of Polo. The library joined the Register in March 1995.
Interviewed by the Radio Times for the first screening of the film, Household explicitly acknowledged that he always intended the protagonist's target to be Hitler: "Although the idea for Rogue Male germinated from my intense dislike of Hitler, I did not actually name him in the book as things were a bit tricky at the time and I thought I would leave it open so that the target could be either Hitler or Stalin. You could take your pick."
The method uses pneumatic percussive blows to drive the pipe through the ground. The leading edge of the pipe is almost always open, and is typically closed only when smaller pipes are being installed. The shape allows a small overcut (to reduce friction between the pipe and soil and improve load conditions on the pipe), and directs the soil into the pipe interior instead of compacting it outside the pipe. These objectives are usually achieved by attaching a soil-cutting shoe or special bands to the pipe.
After defeating incumbent MLA Ian Adamson for the East Belfast UUP nomination for the 2003 Assembly Election he was elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly. He was re-selected to stand for the constituency in the elections in 2007 but lost his seat. Copeland remains an extremely active figure in local governmental politics within Northern Ireland: maintaining a keen interest in domestic, socioeconomic and housing problems. He was re-elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly as MLA for East Belfast in the Assembly Elections in May 2011.
John V. A. Cattus, a New York importer and Olympic class athlete, bought the land and developed it as a retreat in 1895. Hunting and fishing were the favorite sports of Cattus and his friends. He built a hunting lodge on the island, along with a farm, boat house and boat dock. When Cattus died, the land was sold in 1964 by his sons to developers.
Lord Dunalley married Catherine Sadlier, daughter of Francis Sadlier. He died in May 1801, aged 57, and was succeeded in the barony by his son Henry.
Solo and Chorus: "If you examine human kind."
In 2005 the Australian Ballet Company performed a modern version of Raymonda set in the 1950s, where Raymonda is a Hollywood star who has filmed her last film before marrying a European prince. It was choreographed by Stephen Baynes and bears no resemblance to the original ballet.
That night, Francisco attempts to kill Gloria in her sleep with a noose. As he is trying to place the noose, she awakes and screams. This scares him off, and he cowers back into his room for the night. The next morning he finds that she has run away. Francisco gets his revolver, and runs off to search for her. He first goes to Raul's office, but he is not there. Outside, he thinks he sees Raul and Gloria riding in a car together. He chases after them all the way to their destination: the church. Inside, he discovers that it is not Raul and Gloria after all, but another couple. Francisco descends into madness, and hallucinates that the entire congregation is laughing at him. He sees the priest, a good friend of his, laughing at him, and attempts to charge the altar and strangle him. He is detained.
Presently, there is no school located within North Augusta. Students from the community may attend the nearby Maynard Public School in Maynard for elementary school, the only remaining school within the township or may commute to Brockville. For secondary school, students may attend in Prescott at South Grenville District High School or in Brockville at one of their many secondary schools. 
Highlands Soccer Association Inc.
On Thursday, February 12, 2009, at a community meeting in Glenrowan, the Department of Transport (Vic) announced it was not viable to re-open the station to passenger traffic. Local efforts to reopen the station for improved tourism continue.
To the west of Svaneke, the Joboland amusement park entertains adults and children with watersports, animals, roundabouts and rowing boats.
Sigma Pi was nameless until Barbour Lewis suggested the appropriateness of keeping "Union and Progress" and Samuel Willard selected the corresponding Greek Words, Sustasis Kai Prokape along with Henry Wing's suggestion that Sigma Pi adopt the Hebrew sentence from the history of Creation, from Genesis "let there be light".
A number of database related products and projects go under the name of PrimeBase. Classic PrimeBase is a SQL database server developed and maintained by PrimeBase Systems GmbH of Hamburg, Germany. The open source projects "PrimeBase XT Storage Engine for MySQL" (PBXT) and "PrimeBase Media Streaming" engine (PBMS) are supported and funded by PrimeBase Technologies GmbH. 
Ndou won his first major professional title on 29 November 2002 defeating Sarit Saeknaew by TKO to claim the IBF Pan Pacific Light Welterweight Title at Festival Hall in Melbourne. During 2003, Ndou made three successful defences of his IBF Pan Pacific Light Welterweight Title before an IBF World Light Welterweight Title bout against Sharmba Mitchell on 7 February 2004 in Atlantic City, USA. Ndou lost the bout against Mitchell via a unanimous points decision.
The tourists had a few days practice on the Hampshire ground and then travelled up to London to start their first match on 11 June.
Based on a Diaclone toy.
After Obama's large victory in North Carolina and close second in Indiana on May 6, he took the lead in committed superdelegates. The results in those two states made Obama the clear front-runner for the nomination, and he picked up endorsements from 26 superdelegates in the week after those primaries.
Relations between Bodega y Quadra and Vancouver were very cordial and even friendly, but they could not reconcile their conflicting instructions and interpretations of the Nootka Convention. They agreed to meet again at the Royal Presidio of Monterey, California. On 21 September Bodega y Quadra left Nootka Sound and Salvador Fidalgo became the commandant of the establishment there. Vancouver sent Lieutenant Mudge back to England on the tiny Portuguese-flagged trader Fenis and St. Joseph to get further instructions.
Note: Regardless of the episodes the boys' mother Polly Draper, the series creator and showrunner, did not direct, she still directed many of the scenes and supervised the director throughout most of its shooting.
Dirk Jan Derksen, (born 17 June 1972 in Tiel) is a Dutch retired former football player. He is one of the only players who has played for all Limburgian professional clubs (MVV, VVV-Venlo, Fortuna Sittard and Roda JC).
In April of 2015, Bed Bath and Beyond closed and relocated to the nearby Jubilee Square power center in Daphne, AL. Regional shoe retailer Shoe Station relocated from an outparcel at Eastern Shore Plaza into a redeveloped 23,130 square foot combination of the former Bed Bath and Beyond and adjoining mall space in the fall of 2015.
"Love at First Feel" was a new track not previously available in Australia. It was later released there as a single.
In essence, feeling of safety and security encouraged people to migrate to the area under the leadership of two smaller kingdoms which the history of Faskari could not be complete without them, particularly in their great contributions, strategies and diplomacy during the period, the two settlements were that of Birnin Kogo and that of Faskari long before the coming of the colonial  masters (Europeans).  These two settlements were under the territorial control of Katsina from time immemorial precisely under the supervision of Galadnci.  The leadership of Birnin Kogo were Barebari, while that of Faskari were of Gobir Origin.  At the early stage the two settlements were separate entities, neighbouring one another on territorial lands.  It was at a later period of their existence that the two were merged and formed a District for Conveniences and smooth running administratively to Katsina Central.
Aurelio Zen is back, but nobody's supposed to know it...After months in hospital recovering from a bomb attack on his car, Zen is lying low under a false name at a beach resort on the Tuscan coast, waiting to testify in an imminent high profile Mafia trial. He has clear instructions: to sit back and enjoy the classic Italian beach holiday. But Zen is getting restless, despite a developing romance with a mysterious and alluring occupant of a nearby sunbed, as an alarming number of people seem to be dropping dead around him. Abruptly, the pleasant monotony of beach life is cut short as the word comes and he finds himself transported to a remote and strange world far from home...where he belatedly comes to appreciate both the reach of those who want him dead and that the corpses were all supposed to be his. 
Golden Bear athletic teams play at the GHSA AA division level.
Dr. Sung Yung-yi believes that the true reason that led to Formosan Mountain Dog's extinction is the dog-eating culture. It was brought in along with the Chinese Nationalist Party's retreat in 1945, due to the loss to the Soviet-supported Communist Party of China (led by Mao Zedong) at the end of the Second Sino-Japanese War in 1945.
Shelburne improved on their regular season record from the previous season, as they had an impressive 15-2-3 record, earning 33 points and a second-place finish in the WOAA North Division.  The Muskies had the second highest goal total in the league, scoring 127 goals, while they finished with a league best 54 goals against.
Mark Tobin played Joaquin in "Space Seed". He also played a Klingon in the episode "Day of the Dove".
"Columbia Records died when they heard it. They don't want any problems because of this song. But they were very understanding - they just said, 'Why do you want to do this?' I said, 'Hey, man, I'm a ... folk singer. If I'm not going to have some issues here, that makes me a puppet.'"
Set in 1915, the film tells of the Wellington Regiment, part of the New Zealand Expeditionary Force present at Gallipoli during World War I. On 8 August 1915, the Regiment took and held Chunuk Bair, one of the Turkish hills.
Dairy Barn is a chain of regional convenience stores located in Long Island, New York, with headquarters in East Northport, New York.
Performance at the V. International Festival of Argentine Tango in Buenos Aires, March 2003
Nakell has published poetry and fiction extensively in journals, including recent publications of poetry in Proliferations (San Francisco), Ribot (Los Angeles), ReMap (Boston and Los Angeles), and fiction in Literal Latte (New York), Hanging Loose (New York), Hyper Age (San Francisco), Subvoicity (London). Three chapters from Two Fields That Face and Mirror Each Other have been published in literary journals, including Washington Review and Onyx.
Most of the township is occupied by the city of Newark, the county seat of Licking County, and the southern edge is now part of the city of Heath; the only remaining parts are the northeastern and northwestern corners of the original township, along with several enclaves of Newark.
The Republic of China also has active expatriate Scout groups, including two organizations focused on serving children of American military families living in Taiwan Area and elsewhere in eastern Asia and the western Pacific: USA Girl Scouts Overseas, and Boy Scouts of America, serviced by the Taiwan District of the Far East Council. These councils serve BSA and GSUSA units composed of children of diplomatic, business and military personnel, and international units run under their auspices.
The name of the company refers to the area where minerals would originate. Coltness Colliery was in the area of Wishaw, and both places were some distance from the present-day communities. The northern end of the proposed system was a junction to another railway at Whifflet, and perhaps did not seem an attractive component when the company's name was being chosen.
East Maitland was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales from 1859 to 1904.  
Dudebox is 7 song EP cassette tape recorded by Billy Talent (under their previous name, "Pezz") in January 1995. It was a follow up to their previous release, "Demoluca". The decision to spend money for a professional recording by Dave Tedesco at Toronto's Signal To Noise studio enhanced Pezz' sound dramatically. The EP led the way to Pezz' 1999 underground breakthrough full-length album Watoosh!. 
Scott Keith MacLennan, born  30 November 1987 in Glasgow, is a  Scotland cricketer who played in the 2006 U-19 Cricket World Cup in Sri Lanka. He later played first-class cricket for Cambridge University.
''Sound and Sentiment: Birds, Weeping, Poetics, and Song in Kaluli expression''. University of Pennsylvania Press, 1982, 2nd ed. 1990; based on dissertation
Abdur Rashid Tarkabagish (Politician in British regime), Abdul Latif Mirza (Freedom fighter and MP), H T Imam (First cabinet secretary of the country and current political advisor of the Prime Minister), Akbar Ali (Educationist and MP), Fazle Lohani (Media Personnel), Sufian Khondker (Vice President and National Technology Director for Water Management at ARCADIS), Kader Khan.
The Indian Peaks were visited by Native Americans for several thousand years.  The Arapaho tribe lived and hunted in the area during the summer months, though little evidence remains of their activities.
Welsh has been the TV color analyst for Major League Baseball's Cincinnati Reds since 1993 for Fox Sports Net Ohio, teaming with long-time sportscaster George Grande until Grande's retirement in 2009 to form the longest-running TV broadcasting partnership in team history. He commonly jokes about his playing career being nothing more than mediocre during broadcasts. He is also known as "The Crafty Left-hander" due to his unconventional throwing motion. His current broadcast partner is Thom Brennaman, although he occasionally works with Jeff Brantley, George Grande or Jim Kelch, as well as also doing some games on the radio with Hall of Fame broadcaster Marty Brennaman.
When the Midland Athletic League folded in 2014, Bettsville was to become an athletic independent, but its consolidation with Old Fort prevented such an issue.
In 1939, a project to completely eliminate grade crossings was begun on the Rockaway Peninsula by elevated the line there, and completing plans that had existed since 1901. The elevated structure was completed to Hammels in 1941 and between Hammels and Far Rockaway in 1942.
The Harvey Grammar School is located in Folkestone, Kent, England. It is a grammar school with academy status founded by Sir Eliab Harvey in 1674.
90. The State as a Work of Art - Jacob Burckhardt
While two of their pilots are in consideration for pick up on ABC in April 2003, Tollin/Robbins has agreed to a two-year development deal, included a two-year option, profit sharing and outside sales, with Touchstone Television. In May, T/RP's agreement with Warner Bros. expired.
As Turkish Cypriots began to look to Turkey for protection, it soon became apparent to Greek Cypriots that enosis was extremely unlikely. Greek Cypriot leader Archbishop  Makarios III now set independence for the island as his objective.
The governor of Saga Prefecture announced the construction of Saga Airport in January 1969, and after years of studies and negotiations, construction commenced in 1997. The airport opened in July 1998, with hours initially limited to 8.30 a.m. to 8 p.m. At the airport's outset, All Nippon Airways operated flights to Tokyo, Osaka and Nagoya and Japan Air System operated a daily flight to Osaka. JAS suspended service to Osaka in September 2001; ANA suspended service to Nagoya in February 2003 and to Osaka in January 2011.
The township contains eight cemeteries: Diamond Lake, Gridley, Knopf, Long Grove, Lutheran, Vernon, Willow Lawn and Zion City.
Although offered a D.D. by Glasgow, Struthers declined it, saying that it would look ridiculous for a children's magazine to be edited by a D.D. He was always a humble man and was content to be "The Children's Editor". The theologian James Denney said the Morning Watch was one of the hundred best books in the world. Today it offers a charming window into childhood in late Victorian and Edwardian Scotland.
Sack was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota. His newspaper career began while attending the University of Minnesota, where he illustrated features and drew editorial cartoons for the school paper, The Minnesota Daily. Two years later, he was hired as staff cartoonist for The Journal Gazette in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
Sims, Richard. ''Japanese Political History Since the Meiji Renovation 1868-''2000. Palgrave Macmillan. ISBN 0-312-23915-7
The Davis Cup is an annual international team event in men's tennis. Established in 1900 as the International Lawn Tennis Challenge, it is run by the International Tennis Federation (ITF), who describe it as the "World Cup of tennis." The first event in 1900 was a match between Great Britain and the United States, while 135 nations have entered the 2016 Davis Cup.
Born John Barker in Burnley, Lancashire, he attended Rosehill Junior School. He later became a bookseller and martial arts teacher in the town.
Her solo debut album, Read My Lips, was released in September 2001. The album reached number two on the UK Albums Chart and was certified double platinum by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI). The record experienced international success; it sold more than 1.5 million albums worldwide. It produced four singles, three of which reached the top three in the UK. Ellis-Bextor's second album, Shoot from the Hip, was released in October 2003. The album reached number nineteen in the UK and produced two top ten singles. Trip the Light Fantastic, her third album, was released in May 2007. It album reached number seven in the UK. The album produced three singles, one of which reached the top ten in the UK.
I wonder what'll happen with Love Potion Number Ten?"
Belgrade's VIII Gymnasium (ex XI) (in the northern corner of the park).
"I had been thinking of the God-given alphabet of the Azkanazian nation and of the land of Armenia - when, in what time, and through what kind of man that new divine gift had been bestowed..."
In February 2015, Pearson appeared in Da Sweet Blood of Jesus as Lucky Mays.
Shine Aviation Services conduct flying training and utilise a gazetted low flying training area to the south east of the airport. Shine Aviation Services are also a major fly-in fly-out operator in the region.
Backscheider, Paula R., and John Richetti, eds. ''Popular Fiction by Women, 1660-1730''. Oxford: OUP, 1996.
Nowadays, electric drive systems using electric servo-motors can be controlled in an excellent way and can easily compete with rotating hydraulic drive systems. Hydraulic cylinders are, in fact, without competition for linear forces. For these cylinders, hydraulic systems will remain of interest and if such a system is available, it is easy and logical to use this system for the rotating drives of the cooling systems, also.
Lemon Sour is a soda made by various vendors, often used in many mixed drinks.
In 1995, WUFX changed formats and renamed as WEDG, keeping only Shredd and Ragan from the previous roster.  In an often told on-air story, Shredd and Ragan explain how they went across the street to a staff meeting, looked around cluelessly, and then realized they were the only ones from the current airstaff sitting in the room. Shredd and Ragan were also the first to speak with football player Terrell Owens upon his arrival to the Buffalo Bills.
He was elected the 20th Chancellor of the University of Melbourne in January 2009, serving in that office until he resigned to take up the office of Governor of Victoria.
St. Francisville produces a variety of goods, including cement block, cobblestones, bread and pasta. There are also workshops for automotive mechanics, sewing, and printing and digital production. The goods and services are used by NPFS and St. Luke, as well as external organizations. During the earthquake, bread production was accelerated to 5,000 rolls daily and the buildings were used as a warehouse distribution center.
Berryman hoped to become Chief of the General Staff in succession to Lieutenant General Vernon Sturdee but he was seen as a "Blamey man" by Chifley and his Labor government colleagues, who disliked the former Commander-in-Chief. The job was instead given to Rowell. The United States government awarded Berryman the Medal of Freedom with Silver Palm in 1948. Following the change of government in 1949, Berryman lobbied Sir Eric Harrison, the Liberal Minister for Defence Production, for the job on the retirement of Rowell in 1954, but he was now considered too old for the job.
P. Diddy shared his views on the album, saying "it's not just one of those soundtracks where it's just a compilation record and it's not cohesive... These are all new songs. I've done a lot of work and I've produced almost everybody that's on the soundtrack, or I've paired on a record with them before. I'm in constant contact with them. I think that everyone respected the fact that I wanted to do something that was special".
Key to code mapping: varies from remote control to remote control. In many cases, the codes sent may have more to do with the row and column positions on the remote than any unified plan.
Mary Leiter and George Curzon were married on 22 April 1895 at St. John's Episcopal Church in Washington, D.C., by Bishop Talbot, assisted by the Rev. Dr. Mackay Smith, the pastor of the church.
The first grant for a commercial ferry was given by Dutch governor Willem Kieft to Cornelis Dircksen in 1642; however, local waterfront land-owners were free to make their own crossings of the river. A ferry connecting Broad Street in what was then New Amsterdam with Joralemon Street in what was then Breukelen was started in the 1630s by lone ferryman Cornelis Dircksen. It was later moved to Maiden Lane (Manhattan) and Ferry Road, soon to be called Fulton Street (Brooklyn).
Halpenny has always maintained that all airfields are haunted.  Over the years, he had uncovered a wealth of material about ghostly experiences on wartime airfields.  "The evidence of ghosts keeps popping up and is so rich that it cannot be ignored," he said and he has little doubt why airfields are such a magnet for ghosts, "You have to remember that 55,000 men of Bomber Command died while operating from Britain in World War Two, and almost all of them met a violent end, so it isn't surprising that dozens of earthbound spirits have been left behind."
Norepinephrine released by the locus coeruleus affects brain function in a number of ways.  It enhances processing of sensory inputs, enhances attention, enhances formation and retrieval of both long term and working memory, and enhances the ability of the brain to respond to inputs by changing the activity pattern in the prefrontal cortex and other areas.  The control of arousal level is strong enough that drug-induced suppression of the LC has a powerful sedating effect.
The yellow anaconda (scientific name Eunectes notaeus, also known as the Paraguayan anaconda) is a boa species endemic to South America. It is one of the largest snakes in the world, but is not as large as its close relative, the green anaconda. Like all boas and pythons, it is non-venomous and kills its prey by constriction. The yellow anaconda is found in southern regions of South America, including Paraguay, southern Brazil, northeastern Argentina, and Bolivia.  No subspecies are currently recognized.
While in Montreal, Taaffe's offenses put up some impressive numbers. In 2000, the Alouettes broke the CFL's all-time record for points in a regular season as they posted 594. Taaffe helped quarterback Anthony Calvillo to a 112.9 passer rating in 2000. Running back Mike Pringle also excelled in Taaffe's system, rushing for a league-best 1,656 yards in 1999.
In addition it had access to additional units through the auxiliary unit bus (AUB)  and peripheral unit bus (PUB). A master control console (MCC) provides office technicians access to the switch through the processor peripheral interface (PPI).
In the meantime, Leung Foon meets a northern martial artist, "Iron Vest" Yim, and decides to follow him. Yim wants to become famous and start a martial arts school in Foshan, but he needs to prove himself first. One night, the Shaho Gang sets fire to Po-chi-lam in revenge, after which they flee and take shelter under Jackson, an American official. In return for protection from the authorities, the Shaho Gang helps Jackson run his underground human trafficking ring by kidnapping Chinese women to be sent to America as prostitutes. When Wong and the Governor are watching an opera performance, the Shaho Gang and Jackson's men ambush them and try to assassinate the Governor and kill Wong. Their plan fails but many innocent people at the theatre are wounded. The Governor blames Wong and threatens to arrest and execute him, but allows him to give medical attention to the injured.
- The Editions SR is an omnibus series that publishes original monographs in particular religious traditions; on themes or topics that intersect a number of traditions; and that incorporate any number of theoretical and/or methodological approaches.
Available in either 2GB and 4GB CompactFlash, 4GB Microdrive-CF, or empty CF memory slot, the MAX Media Player was seen as bridging the gap between the DS and the PlayStation Portable. This device has also been used for Nintendo DS Homebrew and was one of the more easily-obtainable hacking tools for DS before the rise of R4 and M3 slot-1 devices, as the device was available at Wal-Mart alongside Datel's other products at the time.
Khan,MAR (1977) Ecology and Behaviour of the Black-and-Orange Flycatcher ''Muscicapa nigrorufa''. Ph.D. Thesis, Bombay University, Bombay.
DaCosta produced and directed the films Auntie Mame (1958), The Music Man (1962), and Island of Love (1963).
Leeland became a Christian at the age of five. He is married to Amanda Louise Mooring. He has two siblings; older brother Jack Mooring and younger sister Shelly Roberts. Jack Mooring is married to Michael W. Smith's daughter, Whitney Katherine Smith-Mooring. Leeland co-wrote six songs on Stand, Michael W. Smith's 2007 release, and wrote a seventh entirely.
The film's theme song, "All His Children", with lyrics by Alan and Marilyn Bergman and music by Henry Mancini, is performed by Charley Pride.
The disciplines in UPEDU in comparison to RUP are more aimed towards getting familiar with the unifying process and teaching the effect of using and adapting the process. Therefore, the RUP model has been simplified on some points, and the Business modeling discipline, the Deployment discipline and the Environment discipline have been left out of the process. 
The council leader's office was used as a filming location by a Japanese production team in 2014 for a drama set in 1960s Tokyo.
The community of Kleinostheim is about 40 kilometers east southeast of Frankfurt am Main about a half hour drive from it.
The average temperature is approximately 35.0'C (95.0'F) during the day, 23.9'C (75.0'F) at night, and is generally the same most of the calendar year.
Burgebrach once had Jewish inhabitants who had at their disposal a synagogue and a mikvah. The former has been converted into a home, while the latter, a ritual bath, is used nowadays as a garage. The dead were buried in Walsdorf.
The school became a Years 7 to 12, co-educational college in 1997 founded by Quentin Evans (a teacher at St Aloysius College), in order to meet the changing needs of the local community. The school was subsequently renamed Delany College after the Patrician Brothers' founder, Bishop Daniel Delany.
The electric-hydraulic drives powered the mount's motion. The three modes of drive operation were automatic, local, and manual. In automatic, the drives would follow the bearing and elevation orders of the fire control system. In local, the drives would follow the motion of the trainer's and pointer's hand wheels.  (This is similar to power steering on a car.)  Manual was direct gear linkage from the hand wheels to move the mount with no power assist.
Like all Plasmodium species P. beltrani has both vertebrate and insect hosts. The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are spiny lizards.  
Huezo represented his country in 22 FIFA World Cup qualification matches and played in all three games at the 1982 World Cup Finals.
The Post Mark Collectors Club is a non-profit, national organization that promotes the collecting of postmarks and the study of postal history.  The Club sponsors an annual convention and the National Postmark Museum in Bellevue, Ohio.
In 2015, MCX was sixth among the global commodity bourses in terms of the number of futures contracts traded, the latest yearly data from Futures Industry Association (FIA) showed.
Rogers published a number of magic effects and books, predominantly through specialist magic publisher Martin Breese. These include:
The UF is a cooperative structure without direct members, run by representatives of 4 French-speaking parties, the Reform Movement (MR), the Francophone Democratic Federalists (a member of MR until 25 September 2011), the Humanist Democratic Centre and the Socialist Party, plus the elected officials at the regional and provincial levels, and the burgomasters. Its general assembly groups all French-speaking elected officials in the Flemish Brabant.
The Philadelphia mayoral election, 2003 was a contest between Democratic incumbent John F. Street and Republican businessman Sam Katz.
Rechtenbach lies on the Bundesstrasse 26.
Doodle Bug's Granny: Appeared in Series 2, transpired it was Doodle Bug dressed up all along.
Westview Press is an American publishing house. It publishes textbooks and scholarly works for an academic audience.
"The commissary was also used as the first post office for the area.  The post office was established on September 6, 1880, with Dr. Duval as postmaster.  However, the post office lasted only thirteen months, closing on October 3, 1881.  A second post office was established on March 15, 1901, with Henry P. Clay as postmaster, succeeded in 1902 by Little Bart Moreland, in 1910 by Walter A. Nowlin, and in 1913 by Little Bart Moreland.  The post office was discontinued on August 31, 1925, with Little Bart Moreland the last postmaster."
Academics and artists who were born, worked or studied in Allahabad include mathematician Manindra Agrawal, electrical engineer Sorab K. Ghandhi, poet Subhadra Kumari Chauhan, novelist Julia Strachey, poet Firaq Gorakhpuri, philanthropist Jagmal Raja Chauhan, actor Amitabh Bachchan, Nobel laureate Rudyard Kipling, Lieutenant General Syed Ata Hasnain and musicians Shubha Mudgal and Hariprasad Chaurasia.
Air Chief Marshal (Retd) Anwar Shamim was buried with profound military honours on 5 January 2013. The funeral parade was attended by Air Chief Marshal Tahir Rafique Butt, Chief of Air Staff, Pakistan Air Force, Admiral Asif Sindhela, Chief of Naval Staff, Ex PAF Air Chiefs, ambassadors/diplomats, war veterans, military officials of brotherly countries, senior civil and military officials of tri-services, senior journalists and people from all walks of life. The family members of late Air Chief Marshal (Retd) Muhammad Anwar Shamim were also present. After the burial, the wreaths were laid at the grave of the deceased on behalf of President of Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan, Chief of the Air Staff, Governor Punjab, Army Chief, Navy Chief, retired air chiefs and other dignitaries.
The construction of the Tsozong Gongba Monastery was chaired by the Nyin-gma-pa monk Sungye Lingpa and is now home of few nuns.
Heaven does not protect Liang, and we can no longer stand.  If we fight all the way to being completely worn out before surrendering, it will be the people who suffer.  Why do I put them in water and fire just because of myself?
After retiring from baseball, Hobbie worked as a supervisor for the Roller Derby Association in Litchfield. He died at the age of 77 on August 9, 2013, at a hospital in Springfield, Illinois. He is survived by his wife of 53 years, Sharon, and their two children, Glen and Linda 
''The politics of history : Aryan Invasion Theory and the Subversion of Scholarship'' (1995).
John Arthur Eaves, Jr., campaigned against "money changers" i.e. big insurance, big oil and big tobacco. Eaves believed the "money changers" were keeping Mississippians from receiving good jobs, good benefits and good education.
The Women's Refugee Commission illuminates and addresses the critical needs of adolescent girls in crisis settings to ensure that they stay safe and make positive changes in their lives. We identify and promote ways that girls can protect themselves, access healthcare, complete school, build leadership skills and be seen as a valued part of their families and communities.
Upon completing his school education, he tried to join the RAF as he had always wanted to be a pilot, but was turned down because he suffers from hay fever. He subsequently left Ammanford and went to Cardiff to train as a teacher.
Commercial development is limited to the southern edge of the neighbourhood, where businesses lie within the 8th Street business district. Among these are several big-box stores, mostly on the north side of the street, including a location of Real Canadian Superstore; a Saskatoon Co-op grocery store operated in the area from the 1960s until 2014, when it relocated to The Centre mall. In addition, there are 29 home-based businesses in the neighbourhood.
Shipbuilding became a major wartime industry, focused on merchant ships and tankers.  Merchant ships were often sunk until the convoy system was adopted using British and Canadian naval escorts, Convoys were slow but were effective in stopping U-boat attacks.  The troops were shipped over on fast passenger liners that could easily outrun submarines.
Howard, McHenry. ''Recollections of a Maryland Staff Officer Under Johnston, Jackson and Lee''. Baltimore, Maryland: Williams and Wilkins, 1914.
The Agusta AZ.8L, or Agusta-Zappata AZ.8L, was an Italian airliner prototype first flown on 9 June 1958. It was of conventional low-wing monoplane configuration with tricycle undercarriage and all-metal construction. Filippo Zappata's design grew out of a twin-engined transport designated AZ.1 that was never built.
In 1323, Delhi sultan Ghiaz-ud-din Tughlaq sent a large army under Ulugh Khan to conquer the Telugu country and lay siege to Warangal. In 1347, after a revolt against the Delhi Sultanate, an independent Muslim state (the Bahmani Sultanate) was established in South India by Ala-ud-Din Bahman Shah. By the end of the 15th century, the sultanate was plagued with factional strife. Five Shahi sultanates were founded, and the Qutb Shahi dynasty played a role in the history of the Telugu country.
Maxwell, Baldwin. ''Studies in Beaumont, Fletcher, and Massinger.'' Chapel Hill, NC, University of North Carolina Press, 1939.
All of the above provide CT Transit route service.
She won two Olympic bronze medals in the half-middleweight division in 1996 and 2000.
He graduated from Middlebury College in 1970 and received a master's degree in fine arts from Yale School of Art in 1980.
Exide is the only producer of Submarine batteries in India and one of the few in the world.
notification of the restructuring process before decisions are made.
"Dr. Wagner part II"
Despite the injury, Vinson was selected in the second round with the 47th overall selection in the 1999 NFL Draft by the Green Bay Packers. He played as a nickelback and had nineteen tackles and two interceptions. After one season with the Packers, he was traded to the Seattle Seahawks for running back Ahman Green and a fifth-round draft pick. Vinson suffered a torn ACL during the preseason in a pickup basketball game and was forced to miss the season. After another injury the following offseason, he was released. He attempted a comeback with the Carolina Panthers, but did not a play a game.
In 1835, the Mexican government sent General Mariano Guadalupe Vallejo into the Marin and Sonoma Counties, in order to bring military control in the region from the presidio in Sonoma, California.  According to the book Historica de California Vallejo's first day arriving north of the Bay in June 1835 is probably his first meeting with Camilo Ynitia and the people of Olompali: General Vallejo recounts sailing into the North Bay, and first stopping in San Rafael, to form an alliance with a Coast Miwok tribe there, before moving towards Sonoma County to gather all tribes and arrange as many alliances as possible among all tribes.
In 2002 pressure by Davida contributed to the Brazilian Ministry of Labor adding "sex worker" to an official list of occupations.
Shahabad comes in Hardoi Lok Sabha Seat and has its own Vidhan Sabha seat. The current M.L.A from Shahabad is Babu Khan from the state ruling Samajwadi Party. The current chairman of the municipal corporation is Mr Asif ali Khan as Babbu.
In 2006 on his rookie year in K-1, he won two tournaments in Sweden and in Czech Republic and qualified for K-1 World GP 2007 in Amsterdam.
Torben Betts (born 10 February 1968 in Stamford, Lincolnshire) is an English playwright and screenwriter.
Mauritius and Namibia relegated to Group IV in 2008.
Formerly it was referred to as the Mount Doctus, due to the scholarliness of the meteorological research taking place at its peak.
Juutilainen is a Finnish surname. People with this surname include:
Illinois Route 101 passes through the park.
MUFON then investigated the Aurora Cemetery, and uncovered a grave marker that appeared to show a flying saucer of some sort, as well as readings from its metal detector. MUFON asked for permission to exhume the site, but the cemetery association declined permission. After the MUFON investigation, the marker mysteriously disappeared from the cemetery and a three-inch pipe was placed into the ground; MUFON's metal detector no longer picked up metal readings from the grave, thus it was presumed that the metal was removed from the grave.
'''''Walkers:'''''Walking teams consist of 10-18 members who must walk one or two legs.
Hey Venus! received a generally favourable reception from critics with The Independent stating that the album "marks a welcome return to form for the Furries" and is "fit to challenge Rings Around the World and Phantom Power as their most satisfying work" and Artrocker calling it the Super Furry Animals' "eighth excellent album in a row". Allmusic hailed Hey Venus! as a "full-fledged return to pop power ... by far the tightest record SFA has released since Radiator" while Yahoo! Music UK claimed the album is "among the greatest things Super Furry Animals have ever done". London's Time Out described Hey Venus! as "a treasure trove of left-of-centre sun-pop that, by rights, should see them back on the radio all day, every day" and the NME claimed that the "melodies on Hey Venus! are certain to ensnare new hearts in a way hardly any bands who've been around as long as the Furries can".
In the NFL playoffs, Warner led the Rams to a Super Bowl XXXIV victory against the Tennessee Titans. He threw for two touchdowns and a Super Bowl record 414 passing yards, including a 73-yard touchdown to Isaac Bruce when the game was tied with just over two minutes to play. Warner also set a Super Bowl record by attempting 45 passes without a single interception.
Throughout the weekend, delegates debated many aspects of the march itself, including bisexual and transgender inclusion, needs of minorities and people of color, and whether or not to include non-LGBT-centric issues such as Apartheid as part of the march's platform. At the end of the weekend, the overall structure for the National Steering Committee had been set.
What are the types of environmental assessment under the Canadian Environmental Assessment Act, 2012? There are two types of environmental assessment conducted under the Canadian Environmental Assessment Act, 2012 (CEAA 2012): 
The secretarybird is a bird of prey in the order Falconiformes but is easily distinguished from other raptors by its long crane-like legs.
	the disclosure of any other pertinent information concerning the current activities of the issuer and its securities.
Santamaria is a Portuguese Eurodance project.
''Guide to Northwest Jersey Wildlife: Flora and Fauna'', 1994,(Skylands Association, NJ.)
The district contains part of Kuznetsky Most Street, Rozhdestvensky monastery and  Rozhdestvensky Boulevard, Olympic Stadium and a row of neoclassical, palace-like buildings north from the Garden Ring. It houses headquarters of Federal Security Service in Lubyanka Square, Central Bank of the Russian Federation, FAPSI and other government agencies.
The concept of having 2 different lane patterns is to force the bowlers to be more versatile in the championships.  The 2 different lane patterns forces the bowlers to attack each pattern from different angles, using different styles of play, such as ball speed, hand position and ball choice.  It has been argued that in previous championships around the world, using 1 pattern for the whole event would suit certain bowlers over others, which was deemed as being unfair.  It was agreed that having 2 different lane conditions would be a fairer way of determining the best bowlers at the championships.  Many other championships around the world have also adopted this format, such as the Men's and Women's European Championships, the Asian Games, the World Ranking Masters, The Commonwealth Championships and the Asian Championships.
The second (and last) season of the show was shot in Tatamagouche, Nova Scotia from September 8 to September 15, 2008 and began airing on January 21, 2009.
The leader and another player jump up at the same time, clap, and thrust one foot forward when they jump up. If the leader and the other player have the same foot forward the leader wins a point. If they are different then the other player becomes "it" and plays against the remaining players. If the players are in a circle, the leader moves along the inside of the circle, playing against others in turn. If they are in a line, the leader moves on down the line. If only two players are playing, they keep score until a certain number of points determines a winner. (game originally came from Ghana)
The Science Spectrum is a hands-on science and technology museum featuring over 250 interactive exhibits, West Texas' only public aquarium, and daily live science shows. Also housed at the museum is the Omni Theater, a 160-degree domed screen movie theater that allows viewers to feel as if they are surrounded by the film.
Mr. Perales continued to complain, but examining physicians were unable to find any objective neurologic explanations for his complaints. He was advised to return to work. Perales then filed his claim. As required by 221 of the Act    the claim was referred to the state agency for determination. The agency obtained the hospital records and a report from Dr. Morales. The report set forth no physical findings or laboratory studies, but the doctor again gave as his diagnosis: "Back sprain - lumbo-sacral spine," this time "moderately severe," with "Ruptured disk not ruled out." The agency arranged for a medical examination, at no cost to the patient, by Dr. John H. Langston, an orthopedic surgeon. This was done May 25. 
But where the Iranians successfully used combined-arms operations to emerge victorious against the Iraqi troops in Iran, they relied upon unsupported human wave attacks by the poorly trained troops of the Pasdaran and the Basij.  The wider operation to re-capture Khuzestan is rightly to be considered a turning point in the Iran-Iraq War; the Iranians were able to secure the Fao Peninsula in Operation Dawn 8, another victory in the Iran-Iraq War.
It is the national partner of BirdLife International and was formed as the replacement of Birdlife Seychelles in 1998.
Many people wishing to assist East Timorese women develop income streams have imported tais for sale and assisted weavers and sewing groups to produce items such as purses, bags, cushion covers and baskets that are saleable in Australia and elsewhere. The selling of tais is rapidly moving off-shore as many of the people taking these initiatives belong to Local Government Friendship groups in Australia.
The distress cries from any woman, anywhere in the world, turn her ordinary self of Chanda into a ferocious killer known as Shakti.
For particularly popular domain names, there are often multiple parties anticipating the expiration. Competition for expiring domain names has since become a purview of drop catching services. These services offer to dedicate their servers to securing a domain name upon its availability, usually at an auction price. Individuals with their limited resources find it difficult to compete with these drop catching firms for highly desirable domain names.
Although the Rassophore does not make formal vows, he is still morally obligated to continue in the monastic estate for the rest of his life. Some will remain Rassophores permanently without going on to the higher degrees.
In July 2016 Holland became Assistant to Antonio Conte.
Tyrant flycatchers are passerine birds which occur throughout North and South America. They superficially resemble the Old World flycatchers, but are more robust and have stronger bills. They do not have the sophisticated vocal capabilities of the songbirds. Most, but not all, have plain colouring. As the name implies, most are insectivorous.
The 1986 Asia Cup (also known as the John Player Gold Leaf Trophy), was the second Asia Cup tournament, and was held in Sri Lanka between March 30 and April 6. Three teams took part in the tournament: Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Asian leading associate member Bangladesh. India pulled out of the tournament due to strained cricketing relations with Sri Lanka and was replaced by Asian leading associate nation Bangladesh, which had qualified by winning the 1984 South-East Asia Cup.
Amruthalur is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is located in Amruthalur mandal.
The cuckooshrikes are small to medium-sized passerine birds. They are predominantly greyish with white and black, although some species are brightly coloured. There are 82 species worldwide and 6 species which occur in Angola.
Keith Asmussen told Tricia Cortez, formerly of the Laredo Morning Times, that his fellow Laredoans do not "have a clue how big Laredo is and has been in the horse industry, and after today, it will be even quadrupled. Some of the best horses have been trained and conditioned in Laredo."
Macdonald High School (also known as Mac) is an English language, public high school ran by the principal Jad Deegan located in  Sainte-Anne-de-Bellevue Quebec, Canada. It has about 900 students and is administered by the Lester B. Pearson School Board. It first opened in the year 1907.
''Fantasy Annual 5'', ed. Philip Harbottle and Sean Wallace (Cosmos Books, 2003)
Longford County was a constituency represented in the Irish House of Commons from 1614 to 1800. The area is in County Longford. Between 1725 and 1793, Catholics and those married to Catholics could not vote.
In step 2, IDs are generally assigned sequentially as entities of each type are encountered.  Any changes made to the input database from one version to another will affect the assignment of IDs to all entities.  Consequently, there is little expectation of continuity in the assignment between versions.
Hertford has a strong rowing history, and this is reflected by the active role that the boat club society plays in the running of the club. Open to anyone with an interest or connection with Hertford rowing, the society is a growing organisation. The highlight of the year is the AGM. This is followed by the annual Society boat race, pitting past rowers against the current 1st VIII's, and then a formal dinner in Hall. Society members also receive the "Blades" magazine. This is published several times a year and keeps society members up to date with the recent fortunes of the club.
In the summer of 2006 the band beat off competition from The Guillemots and Battle to reach the final of The Sun's 'Battle Of The Bands' along with Dirty Pretty Things, Corinne Bailey Rae and The Rifles.
As time goes by, she becomes more hardened to the brutal life. She first sells her body to a German guard in return for food. She becomes fond of another guard, Karl (Gianni Garko). The fraternization helps her become a kapo, one of those put in charge of the other prisoners. She thrives while the idealistic Sofia grows steadily weaker. 
Zachary Taylor, as a general in command of the border with Mexico, sent Captain Walker to New York in 1846 to meet with Colt and discuss improvements to the Paterson to make it more appropriate for use in battle. Walker at the time was serving in the U.S. Mounted Rifles and not the Rangers.
M. T. Vasudevan Nair, Hariharan and Mammootty are working together after two decades; their previous association was Oru Vadakkan Veeragatha, which turned out into a landmark film in Malayalam. It was about Chanthu, a legendary warrior in the Northern Ballads. Through Pazhassi Raja, they made another biopic, on the life of Pazhassi Raja. Gokulam Gopalan was the film's producer. The total budget of the film is about Indian Rupee27 crores, which makes it the most expensive Malayalam film ever made. The sounds in the battle scenes of the film were recreated under Academy Award winner Resul Pookutty as he joined in the project only after its completion.
No 83 Group was re-formed  on 9 July 1952 within the Second Tactical Air Force in Germany to control its southern area. By 1956, the group controlled five wings with a total of fourteen squadrons equipped Hawker Hunter day fighters, de Havilland Venom fighter-bombers, Supermarine Swift fighter-reconnaissance aircraft, Gloster Meteor night-fighters and English Electric Canberra interdiction and reconnaissance aircraft. It was disbanded again on 16 June 1958.
Divisions underwent many changes during the war, with regiments moving from division to division, and some being destroyed and rebuilt.  During the war, most divisions became triangular - one infantry brigade with three infantry regiments rather than two infantry brigades of two regiments (a "square division"). An artillery commander replaced the artillery brigade headquarters, the cavalry was further reduced, the engineer contingent was increased, and a divisional signals command was created. The 7th Infantry Division's order of battle on April 1, 1918 was as follows:
Her second novel Hamara Shahar Us Baras set loosely after the incidents of Babri Masjid demolition.
Sherwood Elementary School, operated by the Edmonton Public School System, is located immediately to the north in the adjacent neighbourhood of West Jasper Place.
Following their 1991 sweep, James Edwards and Vinnie Johnson would leave the Pistons as free agents, and the team would see a steady decline. Chuck Daly would resign as head coach after the 1991-92 season. Following Daly's departure, the Pistons went through a lengthy transitional period, as key players either retired (Laimbeer in 1993 and Thomas in 1994) or got traded (John Salley, Dennis Rodman among others). They would bottom out in the 1993-94 season, finishing only 20-62.
As production dragged on, Bogart, who was an avid yachtsman, was starting to get increasingly anxious about missing the Honolulu Classic, the Catalina-to-Hawaii race in which he usually took part. Despite assurances from the studio that he would be wrapped on the picture by then, he started to constantly annoy Huston about whether he would be done in time. Eventually Huston had enough and grabbed Bogart by the nose and twisted hard. Bogart never again asked him to confirm when shooting was expected to be over.
The inhabitants are called the Mourousiens.
Sheldrake arrived at Kwajalein on 8 June and departed four days later for the Saipan area. She cruised around in the waters near Saipan until 2 July, ready to reinforce the assault force if necessary. On that date, she departed the area for Eniwetok Atoll, where she remained from 13 to 17 July. The auxiliary minesweeper went from Eniwetok to Guam with Task Group 53.2. For the next two months, she stayed in the vicinity of Guam screening and engaging in hunter-killer antisubmarine operations, and putting in at Apra Harbor periodically for logistics. On 19 September. Sheldrake cleared the Marianas again on the first leg of a voyage to San Francisco, California. After stops at Eniwetok, 24 to 25 September, and at Pearl Harbor, 5 to 7 October, she entered San Francisco, California on 14 October. She shifted to the yards of the General Engineering and Dry Dock Co. on the next day and commenced a 14-week overhaul.
Robert Lostutter (born 1939) is a Chicago-based artist.  He was a member of the Chicago Imagists, a breakaway group of surrealist iconoclasts from the School of the Art Institute of Chicago who showed in the Hyde Park Art Center in 1969 and later.
The Icemen were created late 1982. Founded by Guitarist and Songwriter Marco Abularach, he was joined by Noah Evans on Bass and Mackie Jayson on Drums (Bad Brains, Cro-Mags).
In the wrestling ring, as in theater, scripted events can easily go wrong. This can be due to wrestler error, equipment malfunction, or moves that result in unexpected injury. As in theater, these events are often covered up and not apparent to fans. On other occasions, mishaps have been brought into sharp relief due to the circumstances or actions of individuals, making the mistakes obvious.
The fourth freshman in Michigan State University's history to reach 300 points and 200 rebounds.
Current President and C.E.O. of World Medical Relief - George V. Samson.
Pastel is typically a Spanish word that means cake, but can refer to very different dishes, popular in other Hispanic countries.
Zelda Spellman (played in the 1996 movie by Charlene Fernetz, then Beth Broderick in the series) is Sabrina's brainy aunt who is always engaging in new scientific experiments. She is often referred to as a quantum physicist. Zelda is a 659-year-old European witch who at some point moved along with her sister to America. She sometimes teaches at Westbridge High, and (in later seasons) Adams College. In one episode she says she has been accredited with discovering 17 moons. Zelda often plays the role of the mature, logical one, to bring Sabrina and sometimes Hilda back to earth after they attempt some zany scheme or otherwise get into trouble. Towards the end of Sabrina's time in college, Zelda gave up her adult years to bring a broken Sabrina back to life. As a child again, Zelda left Sabrina to run her own life, upon Sabrina's request. Young Zelda in the first episode of season 7 was played by Alexandra Hart-Gilliams (who played Ally in season 3). Zelda came back with Hilda, during Sabrina's wedding in Season 7, only this time as a candle. Zelda was volunteered by Hilda to become a candle for the duration of Sabrina's wedding so that Sabrina's mother could attend the wedding and not become a ball of wax, per her Witches' Council curse. Zelda is more strict than Hilda. Her magic takes the form of purple sparks.
During the night of a sudden snowstorm which strands everyone in for the night, Tom finds an old book behind a bookcase about a local Scottish lord, named Murray, who was put to death in 1746 during the last Scottish uprising. Upon reading the book, the spirit of Murray emerges from the book and possesses Tom, causing his eyes to turn black, and goes on a killing rampage starting with Jo whom he kills in a bathroom. Next, Tom kills Emma in her bedroom as she is preparing for bed, until he is stopped by Tim who stabs him to death. But then, Tim is possessed by Murray, continuing the killing spree.
When they get the capsule to land and open the hatch, they find that the dead cosmonaut, a beautiful young girl, has managed to record Tibor's words on a tape recorder, thus branding him as a murderer.
The Dinner Set Gang (aka The Fat Cat Burglars) was a gang of thieves who became notorious in the late 1960s and 1970s for their burglaries of the homes of the wealthiest Americans while the victims were at home eating dinner. Newspapers in New York City and Florida nicknamed them "The Dinner Set Gang".
their own personnel, budgets, and objectives.
He wrote in his Journal on 31 March 1770 that the Endeavour's voyage "must be allowed to have set aside the most, if not all, the Arguments and proofs that have been advanced by different Authors to prove that there must be a Southern Continent; I mean to the Northward of 40 degrees South, for what may lie to the Southward of that Latitude I know not".
Although tiger rattlesnakes are reluctant to strike, they are highly venomous and cantankerous, so pose a potential threat to humans. Their venom contains a neurotoxin  and a myotoxin known to cause muscle necrosis. Although production is low compared to other rattlesnakes, their venom is the most toxic of any snake in the Western Hemisphere. The combination of toxins in their venom makes them extremely dangerous to humans.
His last Olympic appearance was in 1936 when he was eliminated with the Danish team in the first round of the Olympic tournament. He played both matches.
At the outbreak of the Civil War, Governor Samuel J. Kirkwood appointed Price paymaster general of Iowa troops to whom he advanced large sums of money.
Andrew R. George (born 1955) is a British academic best known for his edition and translation of the Epic of Gilgamesh. Andrew George is Professor of Babylonian, Department of the Languages and Cultures of Near and Middle East at the School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London.
Henslowe's records in the collection of Dulwich College contain more than thirty references to Daborne in letters, receipts, and other documents in the 1613-15 period. Constantly impecunious, like so many of his writing contemporaries, Daborne relied on the self-interested generosity of Henslowe, to whom he was indebted for a series of small loans. He worked on at least five plays for Henslowe in this era, either alone or with collaborators who included Cyril Tourneur, John Fletcher, Nathan Field, and Philip Massinger. None of these plays, with titles like Machiavel and the Devil, The Arraignment of London, and The She Saint, have survived.
The album contains 11 songs. The track listings are as follows:
"Expectation of what pupils can achieve is very high. Teachers know their pupils very well and use this information to inform their planning of what to teach next."
The mall was foreclosed on in 2012 and renamed Legends Outlets Kansas City.Old mall foreclosed and renamed/ref
Aside from the evident cinematic influences, Haunted and its companions followed at least two literary traditions derived from the pulp literature of the previous decades. The first was the Crime-Horror imagery of magazines like Black Mask or Flynn's Detective Fiction, which emphasized murder, violence, and horrific crimes. Many authorities believe that the tradition was passed down to the 50s horror genre via the Crime comics of the later forties; Haunted featured numerous stories combining the two areas.
There are over 260 species of carnivorans, the majority of which feed primarily on meat. They have a characteristic skull shape and dentition. 
The Sutherland-Forest Grove Community Association was incorporated in 1984 and is run by volunteers. It plans, coordinates, and administers seasonal programs for all age groups, from adult fitness to teen programs, children's sports and toddler activities. It also works with local schools and the City to maintain and operate neighbourhood parks and outdoor rinks.
Rainforest of the Austrians is an environment protection project was founded by Michael Schnitzler, an Austrian violinist and grandson of the poet Arthur Schnitzler, as a non-profit organization.
The party supports government policies that limit involvement in the private sector. Furthermore, they argue that unions should only be a political tool with the consent of the paying member.
Her personal best times were both achieved in 1998. She ran the 100 m in 11.22 seconds in Beijing and the 200 m in 22.85 seconds in Shijiazhuang.
The regiment is listed as one of Fox's "Fighting 300 Regiments."
The 2nd Battalion, 46th Infantry, was a garrison unit in Europe until September 1972 when it was deactivated.
Another Predator (Kevin Peter Hall) appears in Los Angeles 10 years later, hunting drug lords and then members of the LAPD when they interfere in its hunt. The Predator is eventually killed by Harrigan, who rams The Predator's throwing disc into its own stomach while fighting it in its ship.
No Endfest has taken place since 2009.
One More Step (August 1997): C.D.
D.M.I. (Dana Musical Institute March) (Cook 1898)
Yasunori Mitsuda and Masato Kato devised the concept of Kirite in 2003.
Best Brains has produced VHS tapes for independent sale through their info club newsletters. As of 2007, all of the tapes are now out of print, but most of the tapes have been released as a bonus feature on DVD releases.
On 16 October 2006, police in Nazran violently broke up a rally in memory of Anna Politkovskaya, killed on 7 October, and detained activists.
CTE  is a progressive degenerative disease found in people who have had a severe blow or repeated blows to the head. CTE is most commonly found in professional athletes who have experienced repeated concussions or other brain trauma.
AIRC is a non-profit organization founded in 2002 by architect Tom Rankin and classical archeologist Darius Arya.  (Rankin resigned in 2008.)
(N.b.: The Jack McCarthy from San Francisco who was born in the same year and died in 1931 is a different man who was not the major leaguer.)
In the 2013 film Samar, Vishal played a forest trek guide. Behindwoods stated that he "rocks in the action sequences" which include Parkour moves. He appeared in three more films that year. Following a cameo role in Theeya Velai Seiyyanum Kumaru, he starred in the action films Pattathu Yaanai and Pandiya Naadu. The latter was Vishal's debut production venture. Vishal opted to produce and collaborate with Thiru for a third venture, Naan Sigappu Manithan (2014), a revenge drama, in which his character suffered from narcolepsy. To prepare for the lead role, Vishal read up and studied real life case studies of people with the disorder, citing that there was no references from cinema which he could watch and learn.
Gilbert's father died some three weeks before Christmas 1923, of pneumonia, which he contracted at a hunting camp. "Sonny" Gilbert's mother, hence widowed at twenty-eight, did not remarry. Instead she moved into one of the Gilbert homes in Wisner and for many years afterwards operated a boarding house with three meals daily for her patrons. Because his father, Jess "I", died when Gilbert was only a year old, "Sonny" Gilbert used the designation "Sr." after the birth in 1951 of Gilbert's son, who became Gilbert, "Jr."
2006 - The arrival of a pair of endangered snow leopards and the breeding of the very first Bactrian camel in Wales followed. Caracaras have now been placed in the old condor aviary. Margay are another recent addition to the collection.
In August, the stock of phytoplankton is dominated by cyanobacteria and green algae, of which several are potentially poisonous and caused major algae blooms during the 1990s.  The community of zooplankton is representative for lakes rich in nutrients with medium-sized taxa dominating in late spring and June, while minor taxa are otherwise prevailing.  Larger zooplankton, such as Cyclopoid Copepods, are rare and reaches about 40 per cent in July and August.
Moore was elected as an Opposition Party candidate to the Thirty-sixth Congress (March 4, 1859 - March 3, 1861). He was not a candidate for renomination in 1860. During the Civil War he established and enlisted in the 14th Kentucky Infantry, of which he was elected colonel on November 19, 1861. He later resigned from this position on January 1, 1862 and  moved to Catlettsburg, Kentucky, where he resumed practicing law.
Born in Uchee, Alabama, Denson attended the common schools and the University of Alabama at Tuscaloosa.
He served as member of the Democratic county central committee of Cook County 1891-1925.
At 17 March 2010 Boeckx got a contract proposal, which includes the period 2010-2013.
He was admitted to the bar in 1892 and commenced practice in Charleston, West Virginia.
number of private farmers keep horses too. The majority of the landowners
There has been a large controversy between environmentalists and the owners of the forest. As a consequence of the debate there has been suggested four different sizes for an expansion of the nature reserve:
Although medial pontine syndrome  has many similarities to medial medullary syndrome, because it is located higher up the brainstem in the pons, it affects a different set of cranial nuclei.
Eco-tourism has the potential to alleviate poverty in South Africa through bringing money into the economy and creating jobs. Tourism in South Africa is booming. It is the fastest growing part of the economy.With tourism growing, now is a great opportunity to capitalize on eco-tourism to ensure that the people living in the areas being visited, are benefiting from the economic growth. Instead of just tourism where the local people's voices are not heard, it is essential for eco-tourism to be utilized through including the local people. The amount of money estimated to come into South Africa through tourism is around R62 billion rand a year. Reinvesting a portion of the earnings from eco-tourism directly in the communities living next to the tourist destinations would be a great start to alleviating poverty. The World Wildlife Fund believes that parks set up responsibly can be a great, "generator of jobs, income and overall economic livelihoods (Wildlife; Protecting Communities to Protect the Planet, 2003)". If the local people are involved in the park creation and maintenance there is great opportunity there for employment and sources of income. There are jobs in building the park structure and in giving toured guides of the land plus many other opportunities
Pannell, Anne Gary, and Dorothea E. Wyatt. ''Julia S. Tutwiler and Social Progress in Alabama''. Tuscaloosa: University of Alabama Press, 2004.
Other projects are focusing on IT, nanotechnology, biotechnology, helicopters, farming machinery and military defensive systems. Space research has also become increasingly active in Argentina. Established in 1991, the CONAE has since launched two satellites successfully and, in June 2009, secured an agreement with the European Space Agency on for the installation of a 35-m diameter antenna and other mission support facilities at the Pierre Auger Observatory. The facility will contribute to numerous ESA space probes, as well as CONAE's own, domestic research projects. Chosen from 20 potential sites and one of only three such ESA installations in the world, the new antenna will create a triangulation which will allow the ESA to ensure mission coverage around the clock.
Recipients of the medal are listed below.
Mauritian passports are issued under the Passport Act of 14 February 1969. The Passport Regulations 1969 govern details of their issuance. The regulations make provision for extending the period of validity of a passport; however, after a passport is expired, there is no provision for renewal, and instead a new application must be made to the Passport and Immigration Office.
Cognitive anthropology has strong ties to ethnoscience and linguistics.
In 1894, Nolan and his wife Mary Elizabeth Lee had a son, Henry Grattan Nolan, who would later go on to serve as Canada's judge on the 1945-1948 International Military Tribunal for the Far East in Tokyo and who was appointed to the Supreme Court of Canada in 1956.
This is a partial list of Doris Day's recorded songs. Note that if no album name is given, the song was only issued as a single; if an album name is given, the song was only released as an album, unless it is stated that the song was released both as a single and on an album. All recordings were released by Columbia Records in the United States, except for those tracks included on The Love Album, and two songs which never were released in the US until incorporated in a compact disc album called "The 1960s Singles" in 2002: "Let the Little Girl Limbo" and "Oo-Wee Baby."    Doris Day's hits in the UK between 1955 and 1958 were released on Philips Records.
In 2001 he represented Russia at the 49th Venice Biennale, with the project "Abacus", which consists of forty automated figures, all dressed in black robes.
The amphitheater got off to a slow start, mainly due to the effects of World War II and no promotion of events. Chastain died in 1946, with the venue and park being renamed in his honor. In 1952, the city of Atlanta gained ownership of the venue. The city began offering free concerts for the Atlanta Pops Orchestra. A year later, an opera series that ran until 1968. At the time, the venue drew more than 30,000 spectators per year. In 1973, the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra began its yearly concert series at the venue. During the first concert series, the ASO was conducted by celebrity bandleaders including Frankie Laine, Richard Hayman, Henry Mancini, Marvin Hamlisch and Peter Nero.
The painting was bought by the 1st Earl of Charlemont sometime after the 1761 Society of Artists' Exhibition at which it was displayed, by which time England had been at war with France again for 5 years. Ian Pears believes that by showing The Gates of Calais at the exhibition (one of only three comic histories that he displayed), Hogarth was challenging the patriotic spirit of the British by asking them to pay as much for a work by an Englishman as they would for a work by a continental painter. The painting was acquired by the 1st Duke of Westminster at an auction at Christie's in 1891; he donated it to the National Gallery in 1895, and it was transferred to the Tate Gallery in 1951.
In cause of time the catholic community of the area was fairly large and Fr. James has initiated a process in 1934 to construct the existing church.
Harris and Rushlow formed a country duo called Rushlow Harris, which was signed to Show Dog Nashville, a record label owned by country artist Toby Keith. This duo split up after two singles between 2006 and 2007.
At elections to the European Parliament, the Bundestag and the Landtag, a common voting area has been formed with Manderscheid to ensure that ballots are kept secret.
Most of the Consulates-General are located in the areas of Central, Admiralty, Wan Chai, Wan Chai North, Causeway Bay and Sheung Wan within Victoria City. Only two are located in Kowloon (Cambodia and Nepal), in the areas of Tsim Sha Tsui and Tsim Sha Tsui East respectively.
In the 1980s a restoration discovered frescoes from the 12th to 15th centuries.
The site was divided into squares and excavations were undertaken in straight lines: archaeology was becoming rationalised, and it was in this way that the location of the temple of Zeus was determined. The simple chase after treasure was beginning to be abandoned.
This article is about Esther in rabbinic literature. Esther was the chief character in the Book of Esther. She is counted among the prophetesses of Israel. Allusions in rabbinic literature to the Biblical story of Esther contain various expansions, elaborations and inferences beyond the text presented in the book of the Bible.
Martin Greenberg (28 June 1918-20 October 2013) Is an American book publisher and editor of science fiction anthologies.
Every year thousands gather at Allahabad to take part in the festival on the banks of the Ganges, the Magh Mela.  The same festival is organised in a larger scale every 12th year and attracts millions of people and is called the Kumbha Mela.
Released on April 24th, 2008.
Unfortunately the Premier League experience ends there as Capital Football moved the goal posts, again.  The White Eagles were unsuccessful in retaining their position for the premier league as the Club did not have a sufficient junior base which was one of the requirements that Capital Football initiated.
By an arrangement since 1995 it separately considered candidates from the Negro Leagues and from the 19th century with authority to select one from each of those two special ballots.
The factory barrel comes with a built-in compensator.
The odds of matching all six numbers to win the Mega Millions jackpot are 1 in 258,890,850. The odds of winning any prize are 1 in 14.7. As of January 2014, eight Mega Millions jackpots have been won in Virginia.
One major basis for this developmental theory is task analysis. The study of ideal tasks, including their instantiation in the real world, has been the basis of the branch of stimulus control called psychophysics. Tasks are defined as sequences of contingencies, each presenting stimuli and each requiring a behavior or a sequence of behaviors that must occur in some non-arbitrary fashion. The complexity of behaviors necessary to complete a task can be specified using the horizontal complexity and vertical complexity definitions described below. Behavior is examined with respect to the analytically-known complexity of the task.
Hermann Cron et al., ''Ruhmeshalle unserer alten Armee'' (Berlin, 1935)
the carnal act performed in women over sixteen (16) years and younger than twenty one years (21),with their consent, is punishable if any seduction with promise of marriage and the woman I be honest with knowledge of the facts; in which case the penalty is six months to a year in prison.
The main industry in the village is rice farming.
The Journal of Legal Studies is a law journal published by the University of Chicago Press focusing on interdisciplinary academic research in law and legal institutions.
VR 72 - Violin Sonata in G major, Op. 5 No.6
Fish processing can be subdivided into fish handling, which is the preliminary processing of raw fish, and the manufacture of fish products. Another natural subdivision is into primary processing involved in the filleting and freezing of fresh fish for onward distribution to fresh fish retail and catering outlets, and the secondary processing that produces chilled, frozen and canned products for the retail and catering trades.
Text: The Song of Songs Ch. 8 vs. 6 and 7 / Completed: 14 January 1980
CHD7 is an ATP-dependent chromatin remodeler homologous to the Drosophila trithorax-group protein Kismet. Mutations in CHD7 are associated with CHARGE syndrome.
As of 2011, the Mulagori population is about 50,000. The chief villages are Lora Miana, Paindi Lalma, Sher Braj, Murad Dand, Tatara and Nehar Ghara (Khyber Agency), Shakoor and Ziam villages in (Charsadda), Pir Sado (Mardan) Munda (Mohmand Agency), Sasobai and Dur Baba (Nangarhar).
The following localities in the Ramallah and al-Bireh Governorate have populations over 5,000.
1973 The Flowers release their first single on the Melodiya label as a student ensemble. Unexpectedly, the record sells an unprecedented seven million copies.
Everitt was appointed to the Department of Anatomy at the University of Cambridge in 1974, became a Fellow of Downing College in 1976 and was Director of Studies from 1979-1999. He moved to the Department of Experimental Psychology as a Reader in 1994 and was elected Professor of Behavioural Neuroscience in 1997.
In November 2013, Jawbone announced the UP24 and a software update. With similar dimensions to the UP, UP24 features the ability to sync wirelessly via Bluetooth to the updated app. UP24 has as a 7-day battery life (depending on use) and the previous 3.5mm connector was replaced by a 2.5mm connector. The software provided more real-time information to help motivate users. The app also suggests goals based on user's habits. Live notifications are provided on the UP24 so users will get push notifications when they get close to their goals. A new activity log gives a snapshot of a user's day and when the UP24 last synced. The 3.0 app also will automatically analyze sleep data from the previous night if users forget to press the button for sleep mode, and lets users edit sleep/wake times.
A legal issue affecting Tamazight speakers is restrictions on naming - Moroccan law stipulates that first names must have a "Moroccan character", and uncommon names, including some Berber ones used in the Central Atlas, are often rejected by the civil registry.
For the first time, each judge's score was displayed to every audience, adding transparency to the process.
It is mentioned in "The Drums of the Fore and Aft" by Rudyard Kipling.
The Irish Guards were part of the ground force of Operation Market Garden, 'Market' being the airborne assault and 'Garden' the ground attack. The Irish Guards Group were commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel "JOE" Vandeleur. The Irish Guards led XXX Corps in their advance towards Arnhem, which was the objective of the British 1st Airborne Division, furthest from XXX Corps' start line.
'''Chrome Series''' "Special Edition" controllers were released in May 2012. The chrome series controllers are available in six colors: '''Blue''', '''Red''', '''Silver''', '''Gold''', '''Black''' and '''Purple'''. These controllers feature standard colored face buttons.
Entrepreneurs is a show designed to teach how to start and maintain a business. The show is intended for aspiring entrepreneurs who need direction and tips on how to make it in the business world. Successful entrepreneurs who know the business worlds of Latin America and the United States are interviewed and give suggestions on how to be successful in business. It also encourages youth to give back to their community as they are able.
Zimmer began his writing as a poet, experimenting with Welsh and Old Norse forms before turning to prose. Nonetheless he weaves what sounds like ancient poetry through his stories, such as the ballad of "Pertap's Ride", parts of which are scattered through the Dark Border series.
Votran recently developed an app that allow customers to track the buses to see if they're delayed.
co-anchored the news with Paula Zahn, who later anchored on CNN and who worked with Ron Franklin before his eventual move to ESPN.
Khoy's time in office was short. He left Phnom Penh together with American Ambassador John Gunther Dean aboard a CH-53 helicopter during the evacuation of American embassy staff and civilians, dubbed Operation Eagle Pull on 12 April, just five days before Phnom Penh fell to the Khmer Rouge.
White Horse Lodge was selected as the name of the replacement lodge as (i) the horse was important to the Native American, and (ii) white was arguably part of both predecessor lodges (as Wapiti meant American, or white, elk and the former White Feather Lodge).
Nilssonia is a genus of softshell turtles (family Trionychidae) from rivers, streams, ponds, and lakes in South Asia and Burma. In many treatments, it is monotypic, with the single species Burmese peacock softshell (N. formosa). However, the supposed other genus of peacock softshells, Aspideretes, is more closely related to N. formosa than had been believed. They differ only in the neural plates between the first pleural scale pair of the bony carapace, which are fused into one in N. formosa and unfused in the others.
Andi Lee is currently a popular radio chart show host in Bogor.
It is found in Indonesia, Papua New Guinea, and Solomon Islands.
Needy students from local villages were offered scholarships. The teachers of NDS were mostly Nepalese, but often included Indian nationals and European, American and Japanese volunteers. NDS was considered one of the best schools in Nepal, with an excellent track record in the School Leaving Certificate (SLC) examination (a national examination for 10th graders that marks the culmination of high school education, NDS was shut down due to constant threats from the Maoists of Nepal. The school has now been reopened.
In the meantime, however, the Order had been looking for other allies. In 1512, Muscovy invaded the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, which was in personal union with Poland. The Order was supposed to help the Duchy, but it refused, angering Sigismund I. In 1517, the Teutonic Order signed an alliance with Vasili III of Muscovy. Albert now felt he held the upper hand and demanded from the Polish king the return of Royal Prussia and Warmia territories, as well as a large remuneration for "Polish occupation" of those territories. In response, first the diet of Prussia (Landtag or sejmik), and then, in December 1519, the main Polish sejm, declared that a state of war existed between the Polish Kingdom and the Order. Lithuania refused to aid Poland, however, as it was occupied with the Muscovy threat.
In 1961 and 1962, Killgore was an international relations officer at the State Department. From 1962 to 1965, he was officer-in-charge of Iraq-Jordan affairs. From 1965 to 1967, he was detailed as a public affairs officer to USIA in Baghdad.
Meanwhile, the gang's accountant has tried to give himself some protection by creating a computer disk which has the names of all those involved in the outfit's criminal activities. The plan backfires, and, in trying to get the disk, one of Kevin's trigger-happy henchmen kills the accountant, as well as his wife, mother-in-law and daughter. Only his seven-year-old son Nicky (Jean-Luke Figueroa) escapes, but is quickly caught and brought to Kevin's apartment. It is there that Gloria and Nicky's paths cross. Gloria must decide whether or not to risk her life in order to save the boy.
Manager Jimmy McKinnell Junior joined in 1946 as did goalkeeper Roy Henderson and full back Dougie Sharpe.
UNACO, the United Nations Anti-Crime Organization,  is a fictional agency within the United Nations created by author Alistair MacLean.
Agro-hydro-salinity and leaching models like SaltMod  may be helpful to determine the drainage requirement.
The third-stage larvae migrate to the midge's proboscis, where they can infect another human when the midge takes a blood meal.
Son of former Devon player, Doug Yeabsley, and brother of fellow first-class player Richard, Michael was an off-break bowler. During his brief career, he represented Cambridge University, playing just two first class matches (both in 1995), taking two wickets at a cost of 42 runs each.
On June 11, 2001, Hill was claimed off waivers by the New England Patriots from the Buffalo Bills.  Hill suffered a leg injury on August 18, 2001, during a preseason game against the Carolina Panthers.  On August 28, 2001, Hill was placed on injured reserve.
Kimm, He-Young. ''Hapkido II''. Andrew Jackson Press, Baton Rouge, Louisiana 1994.
Band from TV is a charity cover band whose members are all actors from American television series. They donate the proceeds of their performances and recordings to the charities of their choice.
''New York Herald Tribune'' (May 8, 1938). 
FAC was the cause of several high-profile accidents in power plants, for example, a rupture of a high-pressure condensate line in Virginia Power's Surry nuclear plant in 1986.
In 1994, Cristin Fitzpatrick drowned in a Variety Village swimming pool when her hair became entangled in a water funnel.
Bascon is into weightlifting, boxing and kettle bell training.
The book received a positive review from Publishers Weekly and was recommended to readers of the new age community. However, philosopher and skeptic Robert Todd Carroll heavily criticized the book and described it as a "firsthand testimony to ignorance of science, to gullibility and, above all, to wishful thinking."
Claudette and Barry are featured and or mentioned in the Friday the 13th novel (1987) and in  some of the '''Friday the 13th comics''' which attempt to provide some background information on these characters.
He captain-coached North Launceston in 1952.
Each year the college puts on a production, displaying the theatrical talents of Year 9 students.
If a person's Jewish status is in doubt, then formal conversion is required in order to be allowed to marry according to the Orthodox rules, which govern all marriages between Jews in Israel.
Set up in 1971 by the late legendary economist Professor K.N. Raj, the Centre for Development Studies (CDS) is an internationally renowned, self-governing institution known for its cutting edge research in applied economics and topics germane to socio-economic development, impeccable pedagogy, and extensive and exhaustive training programmes.  Tucked away from the maddening world of city life, CDS is housed in Prasanth Nagar, a serene, picturesque hamlet off the Thiruvananthapuram city. It is easily accessible by road, rail and air.  The sprawling 10 acre campus is designed and delivered by late Laurie Baker, whose love for nature has few parallels in history.  The state-of-the-art K. N. Raj Library at CDS is one of the biggest repositories of wisdom in South India with over 1,700,000 titles in economics and related disciplines and subscribing to about 260 print and 1800 online professional journals. It has a faculty strength of about 20.
The Port of Le Havre, Grand Port Maritime du Havre, is the Port and port authority of the Normandy city of Le Havre, France.
Mr. Jim's Pizza recently (12.10.14) changed their name from Mr. Jim's Pizza to MrJims.Pizza to make it easier for the customer to remember the name and where to go to order online.  Another innovative strategy from the mind of Mr Jim.
He was awarded the King's Police Medal (KPM) in 1919 and appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 1920 civilian war honours.
The Kelabit, at approximately 5000 people, is one of the smallest ethnic groups in Sarawak. Like many other indigenous communities in Sarawak, the Kelabit live in longhouses on the highlands. However, due to economic and social factors, many have migrated to live in urban areas over the last 20 years. It is estimated that roughly only 1200 Kelabit are still living on the highlands.
1985: Award winner of ''Best New Series Author of the Year'' from ''Romantic Times Magazine''.
Apart from painting, he carved sculptures in wood, small and affectionate, and stone. His graphic work includes excellent wood engravings in wood, lithographs, silkscreens, etchings, and drawings in several techniques.
The long-billed thrush (Zoothera monticola) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae.
The income tax law, although it is carefully written to APPEAR otherwise, does not actually tax your wages, salaries and fees that you earn yourself because the Constitution does not allow the federal government to tax those earnings.
The public use of the Greek language, the foundation of Greek-language associations, newspapers, etc. was sanctioned
The striped treeshrew (Tupaia dorsalis) is a treeshrew species of the family Tupaiidae. It is endemic to Borneo and found in both Indonesia and Malaysia.
Mostly the filmmakers cast unknowns in the film. Original Kincaid actor Gordon Alexander left the production after 2 months due to 'creative differences'. He later went on to star in the critically hammered British arthouse action film The Purifiers.
The dragon tube-nosed fruit bat (Nyctimene draconilla) is a species of bat in the family Pteropodidae. It is found on both sides of New Guinea: West Papua, Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. It is slightly smaller and very similar in appearance to N. albiventer, differing by having more profuse, dark spotting on its wing membranes, and smaller shorter canines.  The similarity between the species has been a source of possible misidentifications.  The records of this species from Papua New Guinea are associated with freshwater swamps and rivers.
Some species have been moved to genus Mimoides.
"Hold On" is a song from the album John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band by John Lennon. It features only vocals, tremolo guitar, drums, and bass guitar, typical of the sparse arrangements Lennon favoured at the time. In the middle of the song, Lennon mutters the word "cookie", imitating the Cookie Monster from the US  children's television show Sesame Street. On the 2000 reissue of John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band, "Hold On" features a slightly longer introduction. The original version was restored on the 2010 reissue.
In 2006 Barrioz was invited by the Nicaraguan boxing champion, Ricardo Mayorga, to sing the Nicaraguan National Anthem, Salve a ti, Nicaragua, in the boxing ring before his fight with Oscar de la Hoya.
After serving in the Royal Engineers during World War II and attaining the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel, he left to join the new Ministry of Town and Country Planning, overseeing planning enquiries into slum clearance and reconciling traffic, planning, and environmental policies.
The club moved to the ground in 2007, and floodlights were installed in 2012.
Kyung-min, also spelled Kyoung-min, Gyeong-min, or Kyong-min, is a Korean unisex given name. Its meaning differs based on the hanja used to write each syllable of the name. There are 54 hanja with the reading "kyung" and 27 hanja with the reading "min" on the South Korean government's official list of hanja which may be used in given names.
The black-stripe minnow is found in the South West region of Western Australia between the towns of Augusta and Albany, and from three separate populations near Bunbury, at Melaleuca Park just north of Perth, and at Lake Chandala north of Muchea. Most commonly known to inhabit ephemeral water sources as it is capable of aestivating in summer in the damp substrate. Also found in a range of conditions from slow-flowing rivers, swamps, freshwater lakes and pools, and road side ditches. It can often be found in and around submerged vegetation in lakes and swamps. It can tolerate acidic water that is tannin stained and with a pH as low as 4.5.
In May 2011, Cielo tested positive for the banned substance furosemide. Furosemide is a diuretic often used to help lose weight but it is also a masking agent which may hide the presence of other drugs. Cielo was one of four Brazilian swimmers who tested positive for the substance and was given a warning by Brazil's national swimming federation. Cielo claimed the positive drug test was a result of a cross-contamination. FINA appealed Cielo's case to the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) and CAS upheld the warning for Cielo. CAS claimed that a caffeine supplement had been contaminated, causing the failed drug test. CAS was convinced that the furosemide found was not aimed at improving athletic performance or masking the use of some other performance-enhancing substance.
The Finnish road network comprises highways, municipal street networks and private roads. Together with the regional Centres for Economic Development, Transport and the Environment, the Finnish Transport Agency is in charge of maintenance and development of the state-owned road network.
1873 C. Warren started the mission among Burmese in Taungoo.
Partula affinis is a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae. This species is endemic to Tahiti, French Polynesia. It is now critically endangered.
3rd Place: King Abdullah II Basketball Cup.
By December 21, 1944, Currey was serving as a Sergeant in Company K, 120th Infantry Regiment, 30th Infantry Division. On that day, in Malmedy, Belgium, Currey repeatedly exposed himself to hostile fire to attack the German forces and rescue five comrades who had been pinned down by enemy fire. He was awarded the Medal of Honor eight months later, on August 17, 1945.
Ronna Romney (born Ronna Eileen Stern; September 24, 1943) is a Michigan Republican politician and radio talk show host.
"Homesick" is also featured by the compilation album WOW Hits 2006 and the 2009 compilation album 10.
Telescope Control Handbook, 1997, Willmann-Bell, Richmond.
After two years, a website was created for Seal Online. It had a post announcing the arrival of Seal Online in English to the United States. The English Seal Online was finally released on the 19 November 2007 at 8pm EST by YNK Interactive.
Is the supermarkets label of Plaza Vea, today they have 7 stores around  Lima, but they are working in 1 stores more that will turn into Plaza Vea Super after turning the last Santa Isabel local into this supermarkets.
''P 201'' 40-foot SeaArk. Sortied from Poti prior to arrival of Russian forces in August 2008. Returned to homeport from Batumi in September 2008.
Braughing Friars is a hamlet in Hertfordshire, England.
The ship got back in action in the Far East in November, refueling bombardment forces around the 38th parallel and, later, assisted in the evacuation of Hungnam, Korea. In March 1952, she sailed to Long Beach for an overhaul, but was back at Sasebo by early October.
Walker is married to the former Erin Stiegemeier, whom he met while she served as a volunteer at a 2004 Nationwide Tour event. His wife is a nationally ranked show jumper, and they have two sons. Walker is also an avid astrophotographer; his photos have been featured on Astronomy Picture of the Day (APOD). His home golf course is Cordillera Ranch Golf Club in Boerne, Texas.
Hatzigakis has published numerous articles and studies on political, social and economic affairs. He has also participated in many international conferences and parliamentary missions. Hatzigakis is the author of 14 books. Currently he is the longest-serving member of the Hellenic Parliament.
After Carly has pawned many of her belongings to pay bills, her husband, Miles shows up alive but then is shot and killed by Carly as Gridley is on the phone with the Scotland Yard detective. Carly is put on trial but is exonerated due to the eyewitness testimony of her crippled neighbor's private nurse saying that Miles was attacking Carly. Ultimately Carly admits that she is being blackmailed by the neighbor so that Carly will give her the pawn ticket to a candelabra which Carly recently pawned. The pawn ticket was actually the cause of the argument between Carly and Miles, as the candelabra was stuffed with stolen jewels. When Gridley and Carly go to retrieve the candelabra, the pawnbroker is found murdered and Gridley and Carly find the neighbor in the act of pushing her elderly patient off a cliff to silence her story. It was, in fact, the elderly patient who witnessed Miles and Carly fighting, and the nurse merely said she was the one who saw the struggle. A chase sequence ensues whereby the patient is saved (with music from The Pirates of Penzance), and the ambassador and the Scotland Yard detective arrive to find the nurse detained.
When the United States entered World War I, Orr became a Major in the Medical Reserve Corps of the Allied Expeditionary Force. Before going to France, Orr worked alongside Dr. Alexis Carrel at the Welsh Metropolitan War Hospital at Cardiff in Wales. Carrel had pioneered the treatment of wounds with the expectation that infection was inevitable without proper care, and had helped create an antiseptic called the Carrel-Dakin solution.
The events of the boycott as well as the earlier 1980 Summer Olympics boycott were referenced in Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain, when the character Revolver Ocelot explains to Venom Snake what had transpired during the nine years he was in a coma.
WZAN was a Talk radio station airing nationally syndicated shows from Sean Hannity, Laura Ingraham and Dave Ramsey until January 1, 2016, when the station switched to sports. The talk shows were moved over to co-owned 1490 WBAE.
Outside politics he worked as an electrician from 1953 to 1978.
She remained at San Francisco until decommissioned on 12 March 1946. She was transferred to the Maritime Commission that same day for layup at Suisun Bay, California, with the National Defense Reserve Fleet. Her name was struck from the Navy List on 28 March 1946.
The battle was a setback for the Boers, but their casualties were relatively light and most of their fighters escaped the action unscathed. In any case, peace talks to end the war were already imminent. They began on 19 May in Pretoria. De La Rey, the Boers' commander in the Western Transvaal was one of the Boer negotiators.
The original hospital building was by leading architect Sir Edwin Cooper, and has been described as a 'most impressive landmark building and a good example of neo-classical 1920s architecture'. In 1998 Tesco attempted to win permission to demolish the hospital to the ground and replace it with a tower block of flats and a new store but this was strongly contested by Lambeth Council, local residents and amenity groups at a major public inquiry. Lambeth and the Clapham residents won their fight and Tesco agreed to retain Cooper's frontage of 1929.  In 2004 the Cooper building was refurbished and the missing pavilion was finally completed, 75 years after the original building was opened. This, and the removal of the awkward ambulance entrance ramp and clumsy porch, which was replaced by an elegant flight of steps with classical balustrade designed by leading conservation architect Giles Quarme,  improved the appearance of this landmark. English Heritage refused to list the building so Lambeth was unable to save the interiors including an Elizabethan style wooden staircase, fine panelled Board Room and the Outpatients waiting hall with chequer-board floor and barrel vaulted ceiling which were all destroyed. The frontage block was converted into flats above a Tesco supermarket and the ward blocks behind were all demolished to build a new block of flats with large car park for Tesco.
Perideridia gairdneri was an important staple crop of Native Americans in Western North America, and was relished by American Indians to the point the plants were over-harvested to extinction in many areas. The nutlike roots of the plant are crunchy and mildly sweet, and resemble in texture and flavor water chestnuts.   
Four years later he finished 13th in the four-man event at the 1956 Winter Olympics.
Mimetes arboreus is a species of plant in the Proteaceae family. It is endemic to the Fynbos ecoregion of South Africa, being confined to the Kogelberg mountain range.
John William Frank Critchinson (born 24 December 1934), also known as "Critch", is an English jazz pianist. 
Hampton Jitney buses (not counting the Suffolk Transit-branded buses) require reservations, and limit the use of cell phones.
From 2006 to 2008, he was signed to the practice rosters of the San Diego Chargers and Pittsburgh Steelers.
Development of civil aviation in Central/Southern Africa.
The Burdijeni River is a tributary of the Corbeasca River in Romania.
He was part of the Canadian handball team, which finished eleventh in the 1976 Olympic tournament. He played all five matches and scored twelve goals.
fon gurantsu a-daruberuto is Julia's former fiance. He's from one of the 10 noble families but because of a personal grudge he hates demons. He refuses demon magic and learns how to use houjutsu. Adalbert is the first important character that Yuri meets in The Demon Kingdom.
By the tour's finishing fifth leg, critical reaction was again strong.  Of the penultimate show in St. Louis, Billboard wrote that the band had "unleashed an epic, loose show that wowed the unwowable and flapped the unflappable."
The aforementioned facts do not depend on the structure being that of Euclidean space (namely, involving  Euclidean distance) and are correct in any affine space. In a Euclidean space:
He was born in Monck Township, the son of Methodist Minister Robert Godfrey. Godfrey was educated at the University of Toronto and the University of Edinburgh. He set up a medical practice with his partner which ran from his house on Albert Avenue in the Town of Mimico. Godfrey was first elected in an 1907 by-election held after the death of Joseph Wesley St. John. He served as Minister of Labour from 1923 to 1930 and Minister of Health from 1924 to 1930.
Papers are accepted on all viruses, irrespective of host species, but the modern journal's primary focus is on animal viruses. The journal content is divided by topic, rather than by type of virus. The journal publishes occasional special issues, including reviews-only issues in 2011 and 2013. From January 2013, recent content is available freely online after 12 months, with immediate free access to reviews and special issues. Virology also participates in a hybrid open-access scheme, so that authors can pay for articles to be available online without delay.
These accidents exist in the atom.
This is a list of churches in the City of London which were rebuilt after the Great Fire of London (or in a later date) but have been demolished since then. All were designed by Sir Christopher Wren except All Hallows Staining, Holy Trinity Gough Square, St Alphage London Wall, St James Duke's Place, St Katherine Coleman, St Martin Outwich, St Peter le Poer and the non-Anglican churches and chapels.
In 2008 the Club won the C Grade premiership, defeating Hampton Rovers 15.12 (102 points) to 9.10 (64 points).
It remains today one of the few undisturbed Indian Fort archaeological sites in the North East. and was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1999.
In 2005 a Metropolitan Police report described the area as a crime hotspot for "race crime and youth disorder". In 2009 during the funeral procession of Jade Goody a white dove was released at The Blue, where her family once had a stall.
CAL FIRE's current support contractors are DynCorp and Logistics Specialties Incorporated (LSI). DynCorp provides airtanker and airtactical aircraft pilot services, and all aircraft maintenance services. All CAL FIRE helicopters are flown by CAL FIRE pilots. LSI provides procurement and parts management services.
In 1143, Alsbach had its first documentary mention. From 1806 it belonged to the Duchy of Nassau. In 1866 it passed to Prussia.
The brewery was started on Lincoln near Third (now California Ave. and Park Blvd.) but was soon moved to
After trial spells at Walsall, Livingston, Wigan Athletic and Oldham Athletic, Cowan joined Motherwell but was to suffer a double ankle fracture in a game against Celtic that sidelined him for a year and put his playing career in some doubt.
Napoleon I created titles of nobility to institute a stable elite in the First French Empire, after the instability resulting from the French Revolution.
The subspecies Daito varied tit,  S. v. orii, became  extinct in the 1940s, the only tit to have done so.
Steward began playing Second XI cricket for Essex during the 1962 season, scoring a duck on his debut for the team, before making fourteen further appearances for the team before the end of the year. While he spent the following year still as a part of the Second XI, it was his consistent performances this season which brought him up to the first-team squad, for whom he made his debut first-class appearance in 1964, playing a single University Match prior to his first appearance in the County Championship a month later.
Portman C. Holman-a philosophy professor who flies to the USA on the same plane as Eva. The letter he sends to Eva never reaches its destination.
At the end of his life, he campaigned for the safeguarding of literary teaching.
The plant began the decommissioning process in 2001 and management was transferred from RWE.  The removal of the fuel happened one year later.
TullichPronunciation-needed (Grid ref: NO 390 975) (Landranger, 2000) (An Tulach) is a village in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.  It is known as the birthplace of St. Nathalan and also as the site of some noted Pictish stones. (Aberdeenshire, 2006) (Tullich Kirk, 2005)
Below is a sortable list of countries by number of Internet users as of 2013. Internet users are defined as persons who accessed the Internet in the last 12 months from any device, including mobile phones. Percentage is the percentage of a country's population that are Internet users. Estimates are derived from either household surveys or from Internet subscription data.
The Hikone Han was a feudal domain of Japan during the Edo period.  It was established in 1600 with Ii Naomasa as the first daimyo. All fifteen daimyo were from the Ii clan.
A study using riboprinting identified specific types of ''Blastocystis'' as associated with inflammation.
Beran, Julius. Die Geschichte des k.u.k. Infanterie-Regimentes Freiherr von Merkl Nr. 55. - Vienna 1899, page 6
The core research conducted at the VTHRC involved the use of sensory systems as models for understanding brain function and neuronal plasticity. Other major research themes included neuronal death and neuroprotection, the evolution and functional adaptation of sensory systems (sensory ecology) and the brain, the neuronal basis of behaviour (neuroethology), mental health and altered states of consciousness. Throughout its first decade (1988-1998) the VTHRC's activities were centered on four  'units', each encompassing multiple lines of research: the Vision, Touch, Hearing and Comparative Neuroscience units.
The repertoire ranges from summer shows featuring Broadway-quality actors as well as talented locals, to less posh but also impressive off-season shows, usually featuring local professional actors and members of the community. Traditionally the Christmas production is a family-oriented show that includes a large number of children. Most shows during the summer season are intended for adult audiences, but other shows are family-appropriate, and include roles for all ages. Some previous shows include The Snow Queen, The Homecoming, The Rimers of Eldridge, Romeo and Juliet, and Proof.
Zekushizu (mostly written as ZEXCS) is a Japanese animation studio located in Koganei, Tokyo, Japan. It was established on January 23, 1998 by former J.C.Staff producer Tomoko Kawasaki and is known for doing the animation production of a number of series such as Sister Princess and Diabolik Lovers. Zexcs is also known for its work in cooperation with another animation company called Feel.
Vazirov left Azerbaijan SSR amidst the Black January events in Baku, for which he was later sought by the Parliament of Azerbaijan as one of the responsible parties. On January 24, 1990, he was replaced in his position by Ayaz Mutallibov.
His Trust Fulfilled is a 1911 American drama film directed by  D. W. Griffith. Prints of this film survive in the film archives of the Library of Congress and the Museum of Modern Art.
Union Mills Railway Station was an intermediate stop on the Isle of Man Railway; it served the village of Union Mills in the Isle of Man and was a stopping place on a line that ran between Douglas and Peel.  It was part of the island's first railway line and the first official stopping place.
''It's So Fine: Pye Girls Are Go!'' - (UK)- 2005
Upon Harriss' death in 1989, the Tennessee House of Representatives honored him by passing a resolution acknowledging his contributions to the state and its flagship university.
RHOB has been shown to interact with CIT, ARHGEF3, ARHGDIG and RHPN2.
Clarke was the son of J. G. Clarke of Moorgate Street, London. He was educated at King's College London. In 1859 he became a writer in India Office, but resigned in the next year, and became a law reporter. He obtained a Tancred Scholarship in 1861, and was called to the bar at Lincoln's Inn in 1864, joining the Home Circuit.
Federal Mission: provide combat-ready citizen airmen, aircraft and equipment for worldwide deployment in support of United States Air Force objectives.
Due to that correlated motion, the location of the projected images of points within the object moves also. Only points from a particular slice, the so-called focal slice, will be always projected at the same location onto the detector and therefore imaged sharply. Object structures above and below the focal slice will move as the rotation occurs. Because of that, they are not imaged sharply and they will blur to a grey background image.
The ileocolic vein is a vein which drains the ileum, colon, and cecum.
The wharf at Haslingbourne has entirely disappeared and an electricity sub-station and a former water treatment plant, which pumped water from springs at the foot of Gore Hill to Petworth, are on the site. The area is now used for storage of construction machinery. Below Haslingbourne Cottages the stream flows in the canal bed which is cut through sandstone beds, creating a shaded artificial gorge rich in mosses and lichens. Emerging from this cutting at the site of Upper Lock the canal follows a straight course across low lying boggy ground, fenced off as a nature reserve area. Reaching the site of Haines Lock the stream can be heard pouring through a broken down weir in the undergrowth as it turns eastward into its natural course. The west bank of the canal here runs into the pasture for some twenty metres and the position of the levelled course beyond can just be discerned. Beyond the slightly higher ground here, as the Haslingbourne Stream again comes close to the canal, the embankments can be seen forming a straight line across the floodplain to the river. A pond near the river is the site of a weir and tumblebay.
Weekday renting services facilitate the linking of homeowners and lodgers.
J Slater and A Bunch 2000 Fen speed skating: an illustrated history. March.
The plant grows in Angola, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Central African Republic, the Republic of the Congo, Cameroon, Gabon and Nigeria.
Of ethnic Mongol descent, Li was born into a family of minor landlords. In 1919, he enlisted in the military forces of the Zhili clique in Jehol province, rising steadily through the ranks until he reached the position of colonel, with an equivalent ranking being granted by the Kuomingtang government. Assigned to Tongliao in what is now Inner Mongolia, he helped assist in the suppressing the revolt of Gada Meiren in 1929.
Stalking Darkness is the second book in Lynn Flewelling's Nightrunner series. It is preceded by Luck in the Shadows and followed by Traitor's Moon, Shadows Return and The White Road.
Kamui is a ninja from the Edo period who has decided to leave his clan. After doing so he is pursued relentlessly by the members of his former clan; who consider him to be a traitor and therefore wish to kill him. Kamui then wanders around Japan to escape from them by using his intelligence and great abilities to survive. In the course of the series Kamui begins to suffer from paranoia because of his status as a persecuted man. Kamui then started to believe that everybody wished to murder him and became distrusting of everyone he came across.
Adelaide Hallock - Mrs. Armstrong (as Adelaide Halleck)
Nasion- the midpoint where the two nasal bones and the frontal bone intersect.
The Melbourne International Jazz Festival was first held in 1998. Adrian Jackson was artistic director from 1998 until 2004 ; this run was interrupted in 2002, when the withdrawal of funding by Arts Victoria and the City of Melbourne (advised in November 2001) meant that the program planned for January 2002 had to be cancelled.
4. No rent at all: Treat the improvement as unrealized property appreciation.  Do not tax its value as "rent" at any time. With nothing to include as income, the lessor's basis for the improvement on termination of the lease would be zero.
The Social Movement for Renewal (Mouvement Social pour le Renouveau) is a political party in the Democratic Republic of Congo. The party won 27 out of 500 seats in the parliamentary elections. In the 19 January 2007 Senate elections, the party won 3 out of 108 seats.
Ritual communication: From everyday conversation to mediated ceremony. Rothenbuhler, E. W. (1998).  Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage.
The grassland and adjacent woodland has high wildlife value from barn owls, to butterfly to grass snakes and swallows. Historically, the grass would have been used for hay and/or grazing of animals. Grazing rights for cows were given to two locals on Hungers Green but these have not been exercised for a number of years. Recently, a period of overgrazing has resulted in creeping thistle becoming problematic.
In 2009 the commune had 205 inhabitants. The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known through the population censuses conducted in the commune since 1793. From the 21st century, a census of communes with fewer than 10,000 inhabitants is held every five years, unlike larger towns that have a sample survey every year.
Mr. Ekoda is the homeroom advisor in class 2-E (Fuuka's class). He teaches Classic Literature and is a strict disciplinarian that gets on the nerves of students as well as his fellow teachers. He is voiced by Dan Woren in English.
In May 2007, Svigals was elevated to the Fellows of the American Institute of Architects (FAIA) for his contribution to the profession of architecture, specifically for "reawakening the tradition of figurative sculpture in architecture". Major buildings completed by the firm that include large-scale sculptural works by Mr. Svigals include the Carroll School of Management (Fulton Hall) at Boston College, the Center for Undergraduate Education at University of Connecticut in Storrs, the New Academic Center at Albertus Magnus College, and several public schools in New Haven.
Christianity.com is a site owned and operated by Salem Web Network and headquartered in Richmond, Virginia. The stated focus of Christianity.com is to provide Christian content and interactive tools to help people understand Christianity. The site has a conservative, Protestant theological tone.  Pastors, authors, and speakers such as John F. MacArthur, Adrian Rogers, Kay Arthur, Chuck Swindoll, Hank Hanegraaff, and John Piper contribute to the site.
Falconer spent three successful years in America, where he acted on Broadway and continued with his writing, creating three new dramas. One of his greatest fans was Mark Twain, author of Tom Sawyer, as can be witnessed in letters written by Twain. Such was his US success, that publications of his plays went through several editions. He also married an American woman, who was his third wife.
On the same day, members of the crowd protesting before the embassy declared that if Estonian authorities would not set a date for the restoration of the Bronze Soldier statue in its former prominent place, they would begin demolishing the Estonian embassy building on May 1 (traditionally also Labour Day, important in Russia and the former Soviet Union). The building itself was covered with graffiti and stones were thrown at it.
General Merrill Barber Twining (November 28, 1902 - May 11, 1996) was a United States Marine Corps general who received a "tombstone promotion" to four-star general upon retirement. He was the brother of Air Force general Nathan F. Twining, and the nephew of Rear Admiral Nathan C. Twining.
Vermillion Township took its name from Vermillion County, which was named after the Vermilion River. 
Some Births Are Worse Than Murders is the debut EP by The Blackeyed Susans, released in March, 1989 on Waterfront Records.
Weilacher, Udo (2008): ''Syntax of Landscape. The Landscape Architecture by Peter Latz and Partners.'' Basel Berlin Boston: Birkhauser; ISBN 978-3-7643-7615-4
Other parts of the site showed older habitation: occupation in the Middle Archaic Morrow Mountain phase (ca. 3500-4500 B.C.); and again in the Deep Creek (8000-300 B.C.) and Mount Pleasant (300 B.C.-A.D. 800) phases of the Woodland period. This is typical of other sites of indigenous habitation, in which different groups lived in certain areas and abandoned them for a time, and other groups later migrated to occupy the area again.
See the section below on extensions for algorithmic modifications to handle these issues.
Taubenberger then agreed to be interviewed by Carter about his ongoing work with the sequencing of the 1918 strain. Where was the research likely to lead, would the 1918 strain ultimately be reconstructed, and did Taubenberger have any reservations about publishing the gene sequences for a killer strain of flu? The interview was conducted and placed online in March 1998 as "An Interview With Dr. Jeffery Taubenberger".
Earth received its world premiere at Spain's San Sebastian International Film Festival in September 2007. It was released across Europe in the fourth quarter of 2007 and early 2008 to much success. In April 2008, it was announced that Earth would be the first feature released by Disneynature, a newly formed film unit of the Walt Disney Studios and partnership with Walt Disney Pictures, specializing in natural history documentaries since True-Life Adventures. The film was released in the US on April 22, 2009, with James Earl Jones narrating in place of Patrick Stewart. Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures also handled distribution in Canada and Latin American countries. Outside of those territories, the film's distribution rights were sold to various independent distributors including; Lionsgate in the U.K. and Australia, Gaumont in France, and Universum Film AG in Germany.
Bocabella is a Roman Catholic.
Lafayette Township is one of twenty townships in Allen County, Indiana, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 3,354.
On August 2, 2011, Payne and WGN-TV station management agreed to a buyout of Payne's current contract, ending her 21-year relationship with the station; she left WGN-TV in September 2011.
The entire population is Seventh-day Adventist. A successful Seventh-day Adventist mission in the 1890s was important in shaping Pitcairn society. In recent years, the church has declined, with only about eight islanders worshipping regularly, but most of them still attend church on special occasions. The Sabbath is observed as a day of rest and as a mark of respect for observant Adventists.
Guariglia's book Planet Shanghai (Chronicle Books) documented a rapidly changing Shanghai, was published in 2008, and reviewed in the New Yorker and the New York Times Magazine.
The audio logs detail his journey, which is revealed that he and a group of survivors tried to escape into the jungle, but crashed. The driver and Roger were attacked by an infected Orangutan, with the driver dying and Roger escaping. Roger makes it to the prison, and he states he is making this log for scientists to see the full symptoms of infection, and starts hallucinating about his son.
In 2006, running as a Green Party-endorsed independent anti-war candidate against Sen. Bill Nelson and Republican challenger Katherine Harris, Moore polled 19,695 votes. During that campaign, he called for the impeachment of President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney. Ralph Nader endorsed Moore in the race.
Trullet has also served as the manager of Gimnasia y Esgima (CdU), Quilmes, Platense and Ben Hur. During his time as Ben Hur manager he helped the club to secure two promotions, from the regional leagues to the Primera B Nacional (second division).
The park is named after German botanist Ferdinand von Mueller who described several hundred species of Australian flora and who participated in and promoted the exploration of Australia in the mid-nineteenth century.
Danny Dunn and the Automatic House is the ninth novel in the Danny Dunn series of juvenile science fiction/adventure books written by Raymond Abrashkin and Jay Williams. The book was first published in 1965.
Charles-Edwards, T.M., ''Early Christian Ireland.'' Cambridge University Press, Cambridge, 2000. ISBN 0-521-36395-0
'''Magnitsky''' - Associate of Speransky, chairman of the Committee on Army Regulations.
In 1880 the Trappists were expelled under French laws against religious institutions, but after a couple of years, they were able to return. The monastery was entirely rebuilt under the 45th abbot, Dom Etienne Salasc; the new church was consecrated on 30 August 1895.
On September 24, 1906, he raped and murdered an 11-year-old girl at Kinkaku-ji. The victim was an acquaintance of his. At the time he was culturally considered to be 18 years old, although he was 17 years old under the western age system. In jail, he studied the works of Confucius, Mencius, Socrates, Aristotle and Nichiren. He was released in 1922 and found employment, but he was fired due to his criminal past. In April 1923, he was arrested for molesting a four-year-old girl, but was released.
Byrd, Robert (1995). ''The Senate of the Roman Republic''. U.S. Government Printing Office, Senate Document 103-23.
Resistive touchscreen technology works well with almost any stylus-like object, and can also be operated with gloved fingers and bare fingers alike. In some circumstances, this is more desirable than a capacitive touchscreen, which needs a capacitive pointer, such as a bare finger (though some capacitive sensors can detect gloves and some gloves can work with all capacitive screens). A resistive touchscreen operated with a stylus will generally offer greater pointing precision than a capacitive touchscreen operated with a finger. Costs are relatively low when compared with active touchscreen technologies, but are also more prone to damage.  Resistive touchscreen technology can be made to support multi-touch input.
Holotype: Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS) 1436 (Orange-lipped forest lizard) an adult female, collected by N. M. Ishwar at Kakkachi in Kalakkad Mundanthurai Tiger Reserve, Tamil Nadu, India in 1997.
Better Place wanted electric car customers who could make a successful transition from range anxiety to ordinary range awareness within the company's growing infrastructure. During the sales process, Better Place aimed to educate and assess each customer's electric car suitability. The company was going to exclude drivers frequently traveling irregular routes that span the country. Eventually, Israel was supposed to have enough battery switch stations and recharging spots at parking garages, shopping centers, hotels, commercial areas, and elsewhere, to cater for most drivers.
It is occasionally grown as an ornamental tree in northern Europe, primarily for its autumn colour. The cultivar 'Skyline' has been selected for its fastigiate growth.
She reached speeds of over 200 words, or 800 letters, per minute, and was billed as the "World's Fastest Typist". She used only two fingers of each hand, spread out in a V formation, in a typing system reportedly invented by her father Thomas Reeve. She explained that she achieved her speed by "studying words and not the typewriter", classifying words by their endings, and was reported to have a vocabulary of 64,000 words. She wrote several books on words. In 1924, she appeared at a gathering of the Associated Press to analyze a speech by then President Calvin Coolidge; she sorted the words used in the speech by length.
More rapids follow, along with seal-launch rock, a tall sloping rock which can be slid down.
He died at Lloyd Street, Greenheys, Manchester, on 24 April 1859, and was buried on 28 April in the graveyard of Upper Brook Street chapel. His portrait, by Morton, and his bust, by Bailey, were placed in the rooms of the Literary and Philosophical Society of Newcastle.
Born in St. Peters, Richmond County, Nova Scotia, the son of John and Elizabeth (Robertson), Kyte was educated in public schools in St. Peter's and St. Francis Xavier University. He taught school for four years and then studied law in the office of C. F. McIsaac, K.C., in Antigonish, Nova Scotia. He was admitted to the Bar on November 16, 1891 and began practice of law in St. Peters in 1892. He was appointed Assistant Clerk, Nova Scotia House of Assembly in 1892. He was reappointed in 1895, 1898, and 1902. In 1903 he was appointed Clerk. He was made a King's Counsel by the Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia, Duncan Cameron Fraser, in 1908.
Following Tabatabaei's retirement in 2006 he became a fully qualified coach and holds an Asian Football Confederation 'A' level coaching licence.
In 1997, B93 began to transition towards a modern AC format, adding more alternative-leaning artists such as Alanis Morissette, Counting Crows, Gin Blossoms, and The Cranberries to its playlist.
There are two common methods of producing an ABS plastic fairing: injection and compression molding.
From time immemorial the philosophers and other scene painters have daubed the sky with dazzle paint. But it all comes down to the proverbial six feet of earth in the end. This is as true of Rosenbloom as of Alcibiades. It cannot be possible that they have never munched this chestnut at Tufts. The ceremonies are amusing. Why not fill the sky with scaffolds and stairs, and go about like genuine realists?
The film follows a story of King Kyansittha of Pagan Dynasty.
The Bradu River is a tributary of the Bistricioara River in Romania.
The former is where the manganese atom sits between the other atoms in the zinc-blende lattice structure and the latter is where an arsenic atom occupies a gallium site. Both impurities act as double donors, removing the holes provided by the substitutional manganese, and as such they are known as compensating defects. The interstitial manganese also bond antiferromagnetically to substitutional manganese, removing the magnetic moment. Both these defects are detrimental to the ferromagnetic properties of the (Ga,Mn)As, and so are undesired.
His other grandfather, Hiroshi Abe, was also a politician. 
"Spider Lilies," a lesbian film directed by Zero Chou, was screened at the 2007 Berlin International Film Festival. It won the Teddy Award for best gay feature film.
Ecclesiastically, Gowrie was largely controlled by the Bishop of St Andrews; a Dean of Gowrie existed under the said bishop. Half a dozen or so of the parish churches in Gowrie were under the control of the bishops of Dunblane and Dunkeld; this meant that Deans of Gowrie also existed for these two dioceses, though no Dean of Gowrie was recorded for the diocese of Dunblane.
A colony of Portugal since the 16th century, Angola was part of the Portuguese mail service.
The annual coronation process somewhat resembles a formal beauty pageant, but with a campy spin. The slug-themed pageant started in 1983, and Eugene celebrated the SLUG Queen coronation's 25th year with a Silver Jubilee in August 2007. The Silver Jubilee Queen is (now) Old Queen Glorious Gastropause, also known as comedian Leigh Anne Jashaway. To date there are 34 Slug Queens, the latest being "Raining" Queen Eugenia Slimesworth.
By contrast, Joad, A. A. Milne and Francis Wrigley Hirst all publicly defended the resolution. Hirst later argued in his book, Consequences of the War to Great Britain (1934), that the resolution did not rule out wars of self-defence, only imperialist conflicts. John Alfred Spender and James Louis Garvin took issue with the resolution, which, in their view, neglected the issue of war prevention.
This enzyme belongs to the family of transferases, specifically the CoA-transferases.  The systematic name of this enzyme class is succinyl-CoA:3-oxoadipate CoA-transferase. Other names in common use include 3-oxoadipate coenzyme A-transferase, and 3-oxoadipate succinyl-CoA transferase.  This enzyme participates in benzoate degradation via hydroxylation.
Charles Derber is Professor of Sociology at Boston College. Born in Washington DC January, 1944, Derber attended Yale University, where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in 1965 and was a member of Manuscript Society. Later, he attended the University of Chicago, where he obtained his PhD. He has also served as the director of Boston College's graduate program on social economy and social justice.
Roffman serves as Executive Vice President of the Board of Directors of the San Francisco Film Society. In addition, he has helped to fund several critically acclaimed documentary films, including We Were Here: The AIDS Years in San Francisco, released in 2011, and Chasing Ice, released in 2012.
A common feature among this list of enzymes is that they all utilize chorismate as a substrate.
In the fall of 2012, he founded the Institute for the Study of Western Civilization at Texas Tech University in Lubbock, Texas. He is Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Academy on Capitalism and Limited Government Foundation.
The year 2004 was declared the International Year of Rice by the United Nations, noting that rice is a staple food for more than half the world's population, and affirming the need to heighten awareness of the role of rice in alleviating poverty and malnutrition.
Parental infanticide is more commonly committed by fathers than mothers but vice versa for neonaticide.
Offensively, Steve Larmer led the team with 43 goals and 87 points.  Dennis Savard led the team in assists with 59, and was second in overall points with 82.  In January 1988, the Blackhawks acquired Dirk Graham from Minnesota for Curt Fraser, in what would be one of the organization's better trades.  Doug Wilson and Dave Manson led the defense in scoring with 62 and 54 points respectively.
Returning guest stars included: Jim True-Frost as Detective Roland "Prez" Pryzbylewski; Seth Gilliam as newly promoted Sergeant Ellis Carver; Domenick Lombardozzi as errant Detective Thomas "Herc" Hauk; J.D. Williams as Barksdale crew chief Bodie Broadus; and Michael K. Williams as renowned stick-up man Omar Little.
In 1936 he won the gold medal as coxswain of the German boat in the coxed pairs competition.
Egan, Margarita, ed. and trans. ''The Vidas of the Troubadours''. New York: Garland, 1984. ISBN 0-8240-9437-9.
Cornelia and Libo had a child, Scribonia, who married the consul Marcus Licinius Crassus Frugi and had children.
In baseball statistics, slugging percentage' (abbreviated SLG) is a measure of the power of a hitter. It is calculated as total bases divided by at bats:
The following players were selected to represent the AFC in the Pro Bowl.  The team was selected on the basis of ballots submitted by each of the conference's 14 head coaches as well as a consensus of voting by each team's players.
By the end of the 1980s, the removal of Brazil's forests had become a serious global issue, not only because of the loss of biodiversity and ecological disruption, but also because of the large amounts of carbon dioxide (CO2) released from burned forests and the loss of a valuable sink to absorb global CO2 emissions.  At the 1992 UN Framework Convention on Climate Change, deforestation became a key issue addressed at the Summit in Rio de Janeiro. Plans for the Compensated Reduction (CR) of greenhouse gas emissions from tropical forests were set up to give nations like Brazil an incentive to curb their rate of deforestation.
Walding was first elected to Palmerston North City Council in 1959; councillors were already elected for three year terms at that time. He was re-elected in 1962 and 1965. Having been elected to Parliament in 1967, he did not stand for the City Council again in 1968.
An admission of guilt by the United States for its past actions in Iran, plus an apology.
Despite losing to the Chargers in Week 15, the Ravens clinched the playoffs for the fourth straight year that week.
Robert Baldick: ''The Life of J.-K. Huysmans'' (originally published by Oxford University Press, 1955; revised by Brendan King, Dedalus Press, 2006)
Total primary energy is indigenous production, plus imports, less exports and international transport. Energy supply and demand in New Zealand in 2010 is dominated by hydrocarbon fuels, especially oil, most of which is used for transport.
Drach was educated as a physician, but gave this profession up in favor of music. His first instrument was the violin. He went on to become a prize-winner at numerous festivals, in particular: the 1989 Chervona Ruta Festival.
He has had major roles in some of the most successful films of Bollywood like Raj Kapoor's Prem Rog, Heena and Ram Teri Ganga Maili and in other big hits like Khud-Daar, Ram Lakhan, Tridev, Pyar Ka Mandir, Aankhen, Mohra and Gupt: The Hidden Truth.
Vasquez was the first fighter to die from injuries sustained in sanctioned mixed martial arts competition in North America.
Thus, the two substrates of this enzyme are acyl-CoA and 1-acyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine, whereas its two products are CoA and 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine.
In 2007, Freeman was inducted in the International Civil Rights Walk of Fame at the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historic Site, Atlanta, Georgia, for her leadership role in the Civil Rights Movement.
There are many actions and influences that can undermine these efforts. Problems tend to revolve around existing social expectations for the 'devalued' person. Often society at large will anticipate that this person is not really worth knowing, and has little to offer - but that they might be helped through paid services or with the assistance of volunteers. Working in an environment where such expectations are the norm, it becomes easy for an organisations practice to drift towards fitting in with them. An organisation might instead find themselves creating relationships where the 'valued' person is seen to be (or sees themselves to be) a volunteer, at which point the activity has become a fundamentally different one. In this case the effects of the work may even be to add to the devaluation of the 'devalued' person (however effectively the 'volunteer' helps the individual with particular problems or issues in their life).
In October 1899, he played his only first-class match for Philadelphia against KS Ranjitsinhji's XI. He played one more time for the US national side against Canada the following September, and later played for the Straits Settlements against the Federated Malay States in August 1909.
Lt Colonel M. W. Manning, from July 22, 1864 to November 12, 1864.
Powell was born in Toronto, Ontario in 1884 and was brought to Buffalo, New York as an infant.  As a teenager, Powell learned the game of basketball from the Buffalo Germans team. The Germans became the most-feared team in the country, playing against the best pro and amateur teams in the world, and winning with relative ease. In 1961, the Buffalo Germans basketball team was enshrined in the Basketball Hall of Fame.
'''Hatchlings''' - The newborn Decepticons. In ''Revenge of the Fallen'', the hatchlings have been seen on board the Nemesis, but died due to a lack of Energon. They later appeared in ''Dark of the Moon'' as pets of Megatron, but never seen again for the rest of the film. They are presumed killed by Cemetery Wind.
Cytochromes ''c'' (cytC) are electron-transfer proteins having one or several heme c groups, bound to the protein by one or, more generally, two thioether bonds involving sulphydryl groups of cysteine residues. The fifth haem iron ligand is always provided by a histidine residue. Cytochromes c possess a wide range of properties and function in a large number of different redox processes. The founding member of this family is mitochondrial cytochrome c.
Concerning the status of Judaism in the Jewish Autonomous Oblast, Chief Rabbi Mordechai Sheiner has stated, "Jewish life is reviving, both in quantity and quality." In 2006, Rabbi Scheiner visited the villages of Bira, Nayfeld, Londoko, Birakan and Birofeld with the Jewish Community of Birobidzhan.  Together they inspected local cemeteries and gathered information about the Jews buried there in the years prior to World War II. The names of these individuals are listed in the Memory Book in the Birobidzhan Synagogue. The dates of birth and death are written down according to the Hebrew calendar as well as the Gregorian. As of 2007, some of the original Jewish settlers were still present in these villages.
He then worked in the fish department of the Western Australian Museum and took part in a variety of scientific expeditions. These included surveying the fish fauna of Western Australia's south coast with the Museum, the deepwater fauna off the northwest shelf with CSIRO and the reef fauna of Papua New Guinea with CRI.  During this period he also illustrated numerous guidebooks on the identification of fish and other marine life and worked with scientific institutions around the world such as the Smithsonian Institution, United Nations FAO, CSIRO and many museums and government departments concerned with the marine environment.
Thus, the two substrates of this enzyme are ADP-glucose and a chain of D-glucose residues joined by 1,4-alpha-glycosidic bonds, whereas its two products are ADP and an elongated chain of glucose residues. Plants use these enzymes in the biosynthesis of starch.
The main organising institution of the WSF is the Hungarian Academy of Sciences, in close partnership with UNESCO and ICSU. The preparatory activities of the Forum are led by a Governing Board, helped by an international Steering Committee.
The Lady Chieftains are a girls basketball team from Shiprock, New Mexico, located on the Navajo Nation.  They are the subject of the documentary Rocks with Wings.  The documentary charts the transformation of the team from a
Elaborate courtship displays can also be seen in many other animal species. For example, the male peacock spider, Maratus volans, uses vibratory signals concurrently with visual displays to court females. The adult male Eastern fence lizard, Sceloporus undulatus, possesses blue and black ventral patches that serve the purpose of sex recognition and intrasexual social signaling. Males will show off these patches to females in an attempt to convince her to copulate. 
Deborah Laake and Colleen McDannell say that the church takes a repressive stance towards sexuality and that this may be psychologically unhealthy.
Inhibition of the S6K1 protein, or a lack of it, slows the production of adipose (fat) cells by disrupting and retarding the initial "commitment stage" of their formation. The study could have implications for the treatment of obesity.
Alpini are the Italian Army's mountain infantry units.
Other notable (though not nationally charted) singles include "Bye Bye Baby" b/w "My Love Will Never Die," "That's My Desire," "The Gleam in Your Eye," "Anything You Do," and "You Can Count On Me."
The human gene VKORC1 encodes for the enzyme,  Vitamin K epOxide Reductase Complex (VKORC) subunit 1. This enzymatic protein complex is responsible for reducing vitamin K 2,3-epoxide to it's active form, which is important for effective clotting.  In humans, mutations in this gene can be associated with deficiencies in vitamin-K-dependent clotting factors.
In 2003 he was elected to the county legislature and re-elected in 2005, 2007,  2009, 2011 and 2013.
1CHB provides close health support to deployed land force elements through the provision of Role 1 medical support. This entails forward positioning of assets within a battlespace to provide a number of health effects, "including collection from of injury, resuscitation, stabilisation and evacuation, and emergency diagnostics". It was previously organised as a "Level 3" (now described as "Role 3") health facility, tasked with the first formal initial wound surgery (surgical resuscitation) and medium to high intensity nursing care in the area of operations, as well as a definitive diagnosis of the casualty's condition; however, following the reorganisation of the Australian Army's health assets in late 2011, these functions have now been vested in the 2nd General Health and 3rd Health Support Battalions, and 1 CHB focuses primarily upon the following key tasks: "primary health care, first aid, triage, resuscitation, stabilization, evacuation, on-route care, casualty staging, ... and ... patient holding". In addition, the battalion can also provide limited rehabilitation and reconditioning services to deployed forces, and is responsible for management of combat medical supplies, and provides uniformed personnel to support civilian health personnel within garrison medical facilities.
A mutation in the AP1S1 causes the rare familial MEDNIK syndrome described in 2008.
The third album, 3 years after the second one, was released on 6 June 2006. After struggling with the old production team, Palmy had a new production team and spent almost 2 years to produce the album.
A picture and biography of children battling chronic illnesses were published on the website. Hundreds of 'net surfers, schools, service organizations, girls/boys scouts and church groups, used the MACS website as a philanthropic project, where they could send cards, letters and small gifts to the featured children and their siblings, through postal mail to cheer them up during their difficult time.
Guru Nanak Khalsa College Matunga, Mumbai 19.
Elmar Oliveira  is a contemporary American violinist.
Nierhoff won men's singles at the 1982 European Championships, and men's doubles at the 1988 European Championships with Michael Kjeldsen.. He competed at the 1983 IBF World Championships in men's singles and lost to Han Jian in quarterfinals. Two years later he won the bronze medal at the 1985 IBF World Championships, losing to Han Jian again, this time in semifinals. Niehoff's accomplishments included singles victories at the Dutch (1984, 1988), Swedish (1984) Canadian (1985), and Scottish (1987) Opens; and doubles titles at the Swiss (1981), Dutch (1988), Canadian (1985, 1988), and Scottish (1987) Opens.
In molecular biology, the SBDS C-terminal protein domain is highly conserved in species ranging from archaea to vertebrates and plants.
The following table shows the composition of the legislature after past elections and floor-crossing periods.
Simon Rocker. ''France honours wartime resistance fighter, 92''. The Jewish Chronicle (London), April 14, 2009.
He later played with They Might Be Giants on Factory Showroom, Severe Tire Damage and Mono Puff's It's Fun To Steal. He also played with Seal and appeared in the video release One Night to Remember. He also has recorded with Melissa Etheridge and Ric Ocasek. He also wrote and recorded with Richard Butler of the Psychedelic Furs.
The organism probably had a sessile life-style, lying on the sea floor.
Swami Vivekananda's birthday (12 January 1863), according to the Indian Almanac (Vishuddha Siddhanta Almanac) is on Pausha Krishna Saptami tithi, which falls on different dates in the English Calendar every year (generally in the month of January). This is observed in various centres of Ramakrishna Math and Mission in a traditional Hindu manner which includes mangalarati (a kind of worship practised in India, specially by Hindu people), special worship, homa (fire-ritual), meditation, devotional songs, religious discourses and sandhya-arati (vesper service at evenings).
"Youth of America" is Birdbrain's final and most successful single. It was the first single from their 1997 album Let's Be Nice, and was featured in the hit film Scream.
Since its release, FormSite.com has appeared in PC Magazine, been reviewed by About.com, and has been featured in a textbook for entry-level web designers.
His research work is about the history of canonization and of sainthood in the Early Modern Times and about the history of Female Mystics in the 17th century. He is also interested in the history of demoniacal possession in the same period.
The City Wit shows the same tendency that Brome displays in other works, like The Weeding of Covent Garden and The Sparagus Garden, of exploiting the actual locations of London for the settings of his scenes. In City Wit he carries this tendency to a surprisingly bold extreme, setting one scene (IV, ii) in the presence chamber at the court of King Charles I, where he has his characters argue and brawl.
Factors relevant to the collection of body parts were their economic value, the desire both of the "folks back home" for a souvenir and of the servicemen themselves to keep a keepsake when they returned home.
USS ''Congress'' (1777) was a 28-gun frigate of the Continental Navy that was scheduled to participate in the American Revolutionary War against the British. However, while being outfitted prior to her first sailing, the British approached and the Americans set her afire in order to prevent her capture.
Code WU	was used from April - July 1942, then February 1943 - January 1947.
The teeth of A. ramidus lacked the specialization of other apes, and suggest that it was a generalized omnivore and frugivore (fruit eater) with a diet that did not depend heavily on foliage, fibrous plant material (roots, tubers, etc.), or hard and or abrasive food. The size of the upper canine tooth in A. ramidus males was not distinctly different from that of females. Their upper canines were less sharp than those of modern common chimpanzees in part because of this decreased upper canine size, as larger upper canines can be honed through wear against teeth in the lower mouth. The features of the upper canine in A. ramidus contrast with the sexual dimorphism observed in common chimpanzees, where males have significantly larger and sharper upper canine teeth than females.
North of Ouellette Place, the road is far quieter, though still has a fair amount of traffic around Dorwin Plaza, Superstore and the Cogeco Cable offices. Most of the traffic on this street uses Eugenie Street to get to and from Ouellette Place, and to serve the businesses along it. After crossing the CP Rail and Essex Terminal Railway tracks, the road becomes a two-lane residential collector road with on-street parking, with two-way access terminating at the intersection of Tecumseh Road. North of this street, the road is southbound-only, and is entirely residential in nature, with very low traffic volumes.
The European Council did not specify what forms the legal guarantees would take. The Sunday Business Post stated that what the European Council had offered were Decisions and/or Declarations, not protocols. Decisions and/or Declarations of the European Council are agreements made between all twenty-seven member states of the European Union and are not part of a treaty, whereas protocols are agreements between states as part of a treaty. Previous examples of Decisions and/or Declarations following a referendum rejection include the 1992 Edinburgh Agreement (following the first Danish referendum on the Maastricht Treaty) and the 2002 Seville Declaration (following the first Irish referendum on the Treaty of Nice). French President Nicolas Sarkozy, speaking to the European Parliament in his capacity as President of the European Council during the six-month presidency of that body by France, stated that the legal guarantees would be added as a protocol later to the treaty, enabling Croatia to join the European Union legally.
The first three triennial cycles ran from 1989 to 1995; after a hiatus the series resumed in 1999. 
Several routes have been designated over the years to connect SR-44 to Flaming Gorge, a canyon on the Green River that lends its name to the Flaming Gorge Dam that US-191 now crosses the river on. The first was State Route 165, which would have begun at SR-44 south of Manila and headed east to the gorge. The state legislature added the proposed road to the state highway system in 1933, but in 1935 it was deleted, and the number was reused to the west on a portion of Birch Creek Road. Later, in 1941, the planned connection was redesignated as a state highway, this time State Route 220, but in 1945 it was moved north, closer to the state line.
Solomon is a Necromancer introduced in Book 3, who has some connection to Skulduggery's past, possibly an old partner like Valkyrie. He placed his power inside his cane, much like Lord Vile's armour, and is quite powerful. During the crisis in the third book, he forms a "Necromancer contingent", consisting of him, a Necromancer with his power forced into a flintlock pistol, a necromancer whose power has been channelled into her cape, and the White Cleaver, who they brought under their control. In the battle of Aranmore Farm, whilst trying to guide the final Faceless One through the gate, he throws his cane over to Valkyrie, who tries to use it to stop the Faceless One from killing Skulduggery. The cane breaks, but Solomon creates another cane "identical to the first one", upon which Valkyrie remarks "How original of you". The book ends with Wreath telling Valkyrie that to get Skulduggery back from the realm of the Faceless Ones they will need Skulduggery's true head, which was stolen from him while he was meditating and won a new one in a game of poker, as an Isthmus Anchor, and to gain the power needed Valkyrie would have to change her profession from Elemental to an Adept Necromancer.
Winfield, Rif (2009) ''British Warships in the Age of Sail 1603-1714: Design, Construction, Careers and Fates''. Seaforth Publishing, ISBN 978-1-84832-040-6.
Whatfield United Reformed Church is also located on The Street, near the Village Green. Services are held every other month. The chapel may also used for occasional meetings.
Scanlen was born 9 July 1834 on Longford Farm in the district of Albany in the Cape Colony. His family were of Irish ancestry, and had arrived in the eastern Cape among the 1820 Settlers. In 1845 his family moved from Grahamstown to Cradock, Cape Colony. Here he married Emma Thackwray on 1855, and the couple had several children.
'''Index''': The index of a graph is the minimum number of nodes which have to be split in order to remove all the loops in a graph.
The main difference between climate and everyday weather is best summarized by the popular phrase "Climate is what you expect, weather is what you get." Over historic time spans there are a number of static variables that determine climate, including: latitude, altitude, proportion of land to water, and proximity to oceans and mountains. Degree of vegetation coverage affects solar heat absorption, water retention, and rainfall on a regional level.
Adherents are most likely found among the dominant ethnic Bamar, Shan, Rakhine, Mon, Karen, and Chinese who are well integrated into Burmese society. Monks, collectively known as the Sangha, are venerated members of Burmese society. Among many ethnic groups in Myanmar, including the Bamar and Shan, Theravada Buddhism is practised in conjunction with nat worship, which involves the placation of spirits who can intercede in worldly affairs.
Gwangju City Public Stadium, Silchon Public Stadium and Toichon Public Stadium are also located in Gwangju, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea.
Mutations in Dock4 have been described in a number of cancers. The exact mechanism and extent to which it regulates cancer-associated signalling pathways is poorly understood thus far although a mutation in Dock4 which affects its GEF specificity has been reported to promote detachment and invasion of cancer cells.
The MISLS (initially known as the Fourth Army Intelligence School) began operation in November 1941, about a month before the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor. The school initially operated at Crissy Field in San Francisco, but moved to Savage, Minnesota in 1942. There were more than 6000 graduates of MISLS.
A founder of the Parramatta Synagogue, he was its first president and subsequent life member.  He joined the Board of the Great Synagogue http://www.greatsynagogue.org.au/index.html in 1966 and was president from 1977 to 1980; He was later made a life member of the board and was highly regarded as a congregational elder statesman.
Bloemen started skating at a young age in his hometown of Gouda. He participated at the 2006 World Junior Speed Skating Championships in Erfurt, where he came in 5th. In the 2007/2008 season he first participated in the Speed Skating World Cup at the long distances, winning the Team pursuit with the Dutch team. He also reached 4th place at that season's Dutch Allround Championships and 8th place at the 2008 European Allround Speed Skating Championships. The 2009/2010 season was his best up to that point, coming in second at the Dutch Allround and 4th at the World Allround Championships. Following a less successful next season, he retired as a professional skater, but still participated in championships as an amateur operating from Friesland. Remarkably, he qualified for the 2012 European (9th place) and World Championships (14th place) and won the National Championships. Though somewhat aided by the absence of Jan Blokhuijsen and Sven Kramer, this was the first time that an amateur won this Dutch National Championships since the introduction of professional skating. He joined the (professional) BAM skating team the next season, but disappointing results (15th at the European Championships) caused his contract not to be extended.
Dalil Makhtutat Dar al Kutub al Nasiriya, 1985 (Catalog of the Nasiri zawiya in Tamagrut), (ed. Keta books)
You can face up to 15 AI opponents on 3 difficulty levels.
Over 200 arrangements and compositions by Lyon were published. Many of his choral and organ works were featured on the Mormon Tabernacle Choir's weekly broadcasts. Among his works was the oratorio "Visions of Light and Truth," which was commissioned by BYU-Idaho.
A C-relation is a ternary relation C(x;yz) that satisfies the following axioms.
Some of his followers take it to much more wild extremes.  At the end of the story, he is going to meet some of these women -- a parallel to the maenads who tore Orpheus to pieces.
...that the said ship or vessel has one deck and two masts, and that her length is fifty five feet ten inches, her breadth seventeen feet six inches, her depth six feet eight inches and that she measures fifty five 66/95 tons; that she is square sterned long quarter has Quarter Deck Badges and no Galleries and an Eagle head.
The creation of girls' schools was very rapid at the time: by 1913 there were 213 such schools. The western novels Little Women and A Little Princess were translated into Japanese in 1906 and 1910, respectively, in order to educate the girls to become "good wives, wise mothers". However, these works also introduced western concepts of laotong, sisterhood, sentimentalism, and romance to the girls of Japan. The tomboyish Jo of Little Women particularly gave Japanese girls a different idea of adolescence. In 1936, Class S stories were banned by the Japanese government.  As co-educational schools became more prominent, Class S relationships became more discreet.
Hotel Weylin was designed by the Waitt operating co. Weymer Hinckley Waitt son of Arthur Manning Waitt was part owner and lived in the hotel with his family for a short time. Weymer H Waitt jr said that the hotel had the biggest apples in the city.
It is one of the most visited and high rated war sites of all Asia.
 Serain  is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
Holloways were contracted to build a series of sea forts for the defence of the Thames estuary, and these were built in reinforced concrete and steel in dock basins and berths at Gravesend. They were of two distinct types, four naval forts in reinforced concrete and three army forts each consisting of seven interlinked sections. When complete, they were towed out and sunk in position. This work then led to two more novel wartime activities. One was the building of small reinforced concrete floating docks for the repair of small vessels, in particular landing craft. They were designed by Guy Maunsell, who had also designed the sea forts, and the first three 400 ton units were ordered in August 1943. They consisted of slabs cast flat and placed upright when hardened, then the horizontal base was cast and the joins sealed with concrete. Fourteen were eventually constructed at Gravesend and elsewhere, and a number more were on order to be built in various locations including India when the war finished. They could be built in as little as nine weeks and two, AFD 37 and 50, were deployed at Arromanches after D-Day.
Two flocks of sheep have opened an alternative to wine which was the dominant activity of the 20th century.
The Dr. Henry N. Payne Community Museum (c. 1941) in Cow Head, Newfoundland and Labrador is on the Canadian Register of Historic Places.
12-pounder gun or 12-pdr, usually denotes a gun which fired a projectile of approximately 12 pounds.
The "Rocher de Carlat" or rock of Carlat situated above the picturesque commune was once the site of one of the most powerful and impenetrable chateaux in all of France. It was the seat of Jacques d'Armagnac, Duke of Nemours and often the center of intrigue, resistance and rebellion against the kings of France. Completely razed by order of the king in 1604 to alleviate the inconvenience of rebellious and ambitious southern relatives, hardly a trace of the chateau remains. The site is now a park, open to visitors and commanding sweeping views of the Carlades.
W.L.A. Derby, The Tall Ships Pass
Noted for its late 19th And 20th Century Revivals architecture, it is home to a large portion of the campus of the University of Pittsburgh.  The district comprises 154 contributing buildings, 31 of which are cultural or institutional buildings and 123 of which are residences in the northwest portion of the district. The historic district is a noted example of community planning and development following the City Beautiful movement that guided city planning and urban design in the United States from the mid-1890s through the first decade of the 20th century. The City Beautiful movement favored boulevards, parks, and formal civic buildings in the beaux-arts style.
Since her parents' deaths, adult Alex is no longer stalked by the Clown.  The Clown (or, arguably, David Bowie in the same Pierrot costume) appears in the lower left area of Luigi's celebrity mural at the close of Episode 1.8, at which time neither Alex nor Shaz seem to take any notice when walking toward it,; it is gone again from the mural in the second series.
Saint-Nicolas church, built in the lower village. The tower dates from 1654. Partially rebuilt in 1920, after the battles of 1916.
The Cleobury Mortimer and Ditton Priors Light Railway was a pre-grouping railway company that served part of south Shropshire.
And breathing realms of fin and feet and wing.
''Maquiladoras and Migration:  Workers in the Mexico-United States Border Industrialization Program'', co-authored with Edward J. Williams.  Austin: University of Texas Press Services (1982).
''The Obstruction of Peace: The U.S., Israel, and the Palestinians'' (1995)
Photographs of Balsham Road and Bourne Bridge stations exist in the Rokeby collection at the English Heritage Archive, Swindon.
Lieutenant-Colonel Gordon Graham Donaldson was a senior officer in the British Army who died as a result of illness contracted during the disastrous Walcheren Campaign in 1809.  He was commissioned in the 1st Foot Guards (the Grenadier Guards).  There is a memorial to him in the Guards Officers Memorial at the Royal Military Chapel, Wellington Barracks.
 La Chapelle-Hareng  is a commune in the Eure department in northern France.
In the third quarter, Indianapolis got the lead as QB Peyton Manning completed a 23-yard TD pass to RB Joseph Addai.  The Texans regained the lead as rookie RB Steve Slaton getting a 71-yard TD run.  The Colts would answer with Addai getting a 7-yard TD run.  In the fourth quarter, Indianapolis increased their lead as Manning completed a 10-yard TD pass to WR Marvin Harrison.  Houston tried to come back as Green got a 2-yard TD run, but the Colts pulled away as Vinatieri nailed a 31-yard field goal.
Iga Idunganran has served as an administration centre, the island's market and hosted the Eyo festival.
The airport is dedicated to general aviation.
Back in New York, Aunt Julia has died, leaving Lily only a fraction of her vast fortune in favour of Cousin Grace. Now homeless and adrift, Lily is invited by Carry Fisher to stay with her and the Gormers for the summer. Carry believes Lily's two possibilities for marriage are George Dorset and Simon Rosedale. George asks Lily for the truth about his wife Bertha's infidelities, but she denies any knowledge. In her growing desperation she approaches Simon Rosedale. He has found out about Bertha's letters and advises Lily to use them against Bertha, arguing that it will restore her social standing. He offers to marry Lily once Bertha is disgraced, but Lily refuses.
While all of these techniques can be useful to cope with racing thoughts, it may prove necessary to seek medical attention and counsel. Since racing thoughts are associated with many other underlying mental illnesses, such as bipolar disorder, anxiety disorder, and ADHD, medications used commonly to treat these disorders will help calm racing thoughts in patients.
King David II of Scotland, near the end of his life, appears to have regarded Thomas as the next most senior member of the Bruce family, but his exact relationship to the royal Bruces is unclear.  It has been suggested that he was the son of an illegitimate son of Robert the Bruce or Edward Bruce, but there is no clear evidence for this, he may have belonged to a more distant branch of the family.
The album was postponed one week to not clash with U2's then-forthcoming album No Line on the Horizon. According to James Walsh, when the band was recording a live session on Radio 2 on 13 January 2009, radio hosters Mark Radcliffe and Stuart Maconie highlighted the fact that Starsailor would release All the Plans on the same day as U2 and else suggest to call Bono and "toss a coin for who moves their release date." Bono called heads winning the toss and All the Plans was postponed for a week.
Otte Wallish was born in the city of Znojmo (today in the Czech Republic). He attended the Vienna Art Academy. After serving in the Czech army, he opened a graphic design and advertising office in Prague.  He had jobs with the Jewish National Fund and United Israel Appeal. He married and then emigrated by boat to Palestine in 1934, a time of increasing peril for European Jews. His wife joined him in 1935; a sibling survived the Holocaust and lived in the Czech Republic. The couple had two children and settled in a Herzliya house with Bauhaus furniture. He used the German Wallisch and, after moving to Israel, adopted the English Wallish transliteration of his name in Hebrew. (His first name is often incorrectly cited as Otto.)
The river Petite Auroue forms all of the commune's eastern border, then flows into the Auroue, which flows northeast through the commune and forms part of its southwestern and northern borders.
def. John Shackelford by TKO in the 2nd round (4/29/06)4
The population of the village was 201 in 1911 and 395 by 1951:in 1966, Montmartre's population was 566.
Then, in 1990, the company added its first cardiovascular training line.
The first written documents doing reference to Vazeilles are the archives of Brioude. They present Vazeilles as a "villa" depending of the vicar area of Saint-Paulien. It is in 969.
Trams on Line 2 are stored at the La Jeune Parque depot, located near the Sabines station.
During the Revolution, March 16, 1794, Father Robert, vicar of Saint-Sauveur-en-Rue, refractory priest who refused to take the oath was executed after Lyon secretly confessed many defendants.
Saint-Jean-de-la-Croix is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France.
In June 2011, Ben Sollee performed at Bonnaroo Music Festival in Manchester, Tennessee both as an individual artist and with My Morning Jacket.
Lilienthal continued to speak throughout the United States on Middle East issues, and some of his speeches were anthologized in mainstream journals dedicated to political rhetoric. In 1956, he founded and chaired the National Committee for Security and Justice in the Middle East and in 1960 the American Arab Association for Commerce and Industry. In 1969, he was awarded the Juris Doctor degree by Columbia University.
Peter Lander Jr. (d.1832)
Roland's contributions can be appreciated in a quote from Peter Dempsy regarding Artie Shaw's Summit Ridge Drive album: "The Gramercy Five recordings of 1953 and 1954 document a brilliant phase in early modern jazz, manifested in the presence of pianist Hank Jones, guitarist Tal Farlow, bassist Tommy Potter and vibraphonist Joe Roland.
Kregier finally settled in Niskayuna, New York on the banks of the Mohawk. His year of death is unknown. Some literature lists 1712 or 1713, but that is likely to be his son, Marten Kregier junior.
Iseman said she never received special treatment from McCain's office, and McCain said he never demonstrated favoritism to Iseman or her clients. During a phone call to Bill Keller, executive editor of the New York Times, he said, "I have never betrayed the public trust by doing anything like that."
Frances Raymond as Mrs. Page
Walter E. Minchinton, "Introduction" to Oppenheim, ''The Maritime History of Devon''. Exeter: University of Exeter Press, 1968.
Jeanette was born child of the writer and actor Per Adolf Granberg and was from 1849 and forwards active as a translator and a writer of plays for the theatre. She debuted with the play Filantropen in 1847 and several of her plays were performed in the 1850-51 season.
Cognitive Behavioral Coping Skills Therapy, focusing on correcting poor self-esteem and distorted, negative, and self-defeating thinking.
Under former ruler Colonel Muammar Gaddafi, the situation became a lot worse, as all Jewish property was confiscated and all debts to Jews cancelled. In 1999, the synagogue in Tripoli was renovated, however, it was not reopened.
SADUM was a strict hierarchical organization. Each republic had a SADUM representative office, which was headed by a qazi (except for Uzbekistan, which was headed by the mufti himself).  Every qazi was appointed by and subordinate to the mufti in Tashkent, and within each republic all religious personal (such as imams and muezzins) were subordinate to their respective qazis. The four qaziyats were transformed into independent spiritual boards after the break-up of the Soviet Union in 1991.
Saint-Saturnin is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.
Gudu (also known as Gudo, Gutu) is an Afro-Asiatic language spoken in Nigeria in Adamawa State in the Song LGA.  Kumbi is a dialect.
ZADZADZ is a "Window Shopping 2.0" experience for the user because of its grouping of television commercials into relevant product and psychographic "channels". Browsing between individual channels allows the user to quickly shop and compare products and services via the ads themselves.
He was released by the club along with seven other players in May 2010.
Cooperation Agreement on combating terrorism and drugs (Beijing, February 15, 1995).
A study center of Indira Gandhi National Open University is running in the college having as many as 27 programmes including MBA, M.Com, M.LIS and MCA.
The opera's opening night proved disappointing to the Milanese critics who praised the production but considered the music inferior to that of Rossini's Tancredi which had premiered in Venice earlier that year. There was also criticism of the three principal singers. Nevertheless, it had a run of 14 performances at La Scala that season and was performed sporadically in various Italian theatres (including the Teatro di San Carlo in Naples) between 1814 and 1831. It was also performed in London in 1826, again with Velluti as Arsace. The opera then fell more or less into obscurity.
As part of Rotala, Flights has done a lot on behalf of the parent company. Flights Hallmark bought the Surrey Connect business, which became part of Rotala shortly afterwards. The Surrey Connect operation was sold to Wiltax in June 2007.
as of 2015 estimates, population 15 years and older).
The 1900 Home Nations Championship was the eighteenth series of the rugby union Home Nations Championship. Six matches were played between 6 January and 17 March. It was contested by England, Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
John Hastert (born November 20, 1958) is a Democratic member of the Wyoming Senate, representing the 13th district since 2007. The 13th is located in Sweetwater County and includes Green River, Purple Sage, Clearview Acres and portions of Rock Springs. He has served as the Senate Minority Caucus Chairman since 2013.
She also made a cameo appearance in the Batman episode, "King Tut's Coup," first broadcast on March 8, 1967. She is seen looking out her window as Robin and Batman walk up her building's outside wall and was credited by her pen name of Suzy Knickerbocker. For the show, it would mark the final time for a celebrity cameo during a bat-climb.
Goldie Boathouse is the fitness and administrative base of Cambridge University Boat Club, located on the river Cam in Cambridge, England. It was originally the University boathouse and was named after CUBC's President J. H. D. Goldie, who also gave his name to the University's second crew.
In June 2011, the group was chosen by LG Electronics as the Japanese CF models for their upcoming cellphone brand, LG 'Optimus Bright'. They also released their Japanese single titled 'Go Go Summer', which was used for the commercial and was promoted at the same time. The commercial and print advertisements were launched on June 17. Moreover, members Park Gyuri, Goo Hara and Kang Jiyoung became the female models for Korean cosmetic brand "Nature Republic". The three members started their exclusive activities with Nature Republic on June 3, 2011.
Harvey is incarcerated in Toledo Correctional Institution. His first parole hearing is scheduled for April 2043.
Dupuis played college football at the University of Notre Dame.
The population of the commune was estimated to be approximately 23,000 in 2001 commune census.
Stereo correspondence is to establish the correspondence between primitive factors in images, i.e. to match P1(u1,v1) and P2(u2,v2) from two images. Certain interference factors in the scenario should be noticed, e.g. illumination, noise, surface physical characteristic and etc.
Although there is a much closer linguistic and cultural relationship between Naskapi and Innu than between Naskapi and other Cree language communities, Naskapi remains unique and distinct from all other language varieties in the Quebec-Labrador peninsula.
In order to capture the recalcitrant rebellious Benin Chief, Igbide or Igbede, two warriors named Onirhe and Ovo were sent after him. After achieving their aims, they went to Izon territory to settle in a place called Igbeni. Here Onirhe married an Izon woman called Udu. Thereafter, he and his people moved and settled at the near present site Otu Jeremi. Not long, after, Ughievwen arrived and settled by the bank of Okpare creeks. Later, Onirhe moved and settled in the present site and later named Oto Onirhe. Onirhe had three children by his Izon wife Udu. These children are Ohuvwun, Aladja and Uloho. Another tradition had that, he had one son, called Owhworhun and two daughters, Adadja the senior and Uloho the junior. It was these children later found thirteen villages and towns in Evwrirhe sub clan of Udu people.
He was a leading personality in the city of Pune during his life.
USAF Aerospace Defense Command publication, The Interceptor, January 1979 (Volume 21, Number 1).
In the area of schizophrenia, McCarley has studied brain abnormalities in patients with schizophrenia.  McCarley and Martha Shenton published a classic paper in 1992 that described a relationship in a reduction in the volume of the left superior temporal gyrus and thought disorder in patients with schizophrenia.
Umtanum Ridge Water Gap is a geologic feature in central Washington state in the United States. It was designated a National Natural Landmark in 1980.
Little Red Riding Hood, named so because of the red riding hood she wears, loves her granny. She's asked by her kind mother to take a basket of cakes and jam to her ill grandmother, who lives at the other side of the big woods. Her mother warns her to be careful and not to talk to strangers, and to walk straight to her grandmother's house without any distractions; the young girl promises to obey her mother and is on her way. However, Little Red Riding Hood has a hard time obeying her mother when she first hears the crying of a sad deer in the forest.  The small creature had forgotten his mother's birthday and was very disappointed. Little Red Riding Hood gives her new friend a suggestion to make his mother a lovely bouquet of wild flowers, which he does happily. As she continues walking through the forest, the young girl meets another new friend, a pretty bird who is very talented at singing, but whose wing is wounded. Little Red Riding Hood encourages the bird not to be afraid, and when he finds the ability to fly without being scared and thus returns to his family, the grateful bird rewards the girl by teaching her how to whistle, telling her to do so should she ever be in danger. Finally, Little Red Hood meets a large family of beavers that are trying to build a dam but lack organization skills. Little Red  Hood offers to help, and though she is first turned away, the beavers finally accept. Working together, they learn about teamwork and their dam is finished in no time. The young girl bids her new friends farewell, and they too promise to return the favor someday. Little Red Riding Hood's friends come to her rescue when upon reaching her grandmother's house, she meets the terrible wolf that she had been told was wandering around in the woods. Working together once again, the girl and her animal friends manage to defeat the wolf, and rescue the grandmother, who'd been put away in order to be served as dessert, learning many valuable lessons from the experience.
'''Nick'''. Lisa's brother. Always teases his sister; calls her 'Lisa lard legs' and other names that upset Lisa. Nick is very popular and many girls in the story think he is 'cute'.
Curt Schilling, who holds conservative views, has made several off-air comments which have forced ESPN to remove him from its baseball broadcasts. In August 2015, Schilling compared the rise of Nazism to the current situation in the Muslim world. The analogy got him banned by ESPN from the Little League World Series and from Sunday Night Baseball for the remainder of the season. In March 2016, ESPN removed Schilling from Monday Night Baseball following his comments that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton should be "buried under a jail" (referencing his viewpoints on Clinton's handling of the Benghazi tragedy)  for suspicions he harbored. Despite the former Red Sox pitcher's virulent political beliefs, he remains a commentator for the ESPN network on Baseball Tonight and other in-studio broadcasts. As several outlets have pointed out, he has been in violation  of the network's policies on engagement in the political sphere.
CFVZ-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a sports radio format at 90.9 FM in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan.
Under the new law, Clark Development Corporation (CDC) will remain as administrator of the 4,500-hectare (11,115-acre) Clark freeport. A subsidiary, Clark International Airport Corporation, runs the Clark International Airport.
Serves as president from 1984 to 1992.
Dimethyl maleate is an organic compound with the formula C6H8O4. It is the (Z)-isomer of the dimethyl ester of fumaric acid. 
Cording's most notable roles were probably as the villainous Dickon Malbete, Captain of the Guard in Errol Flynn's The Adventures of Robin Hood and as Thamal, the hulking henchman to Bela Lugosi's character in 1934's The Black Cat.  As a contract player at Universal in the 1940s, he turned up in tiny parts in many of their horror films, such as The Wolf Man. 
In February 2013, Rohr announced to the PNC board that he wanted to vacate his CEO role after the 2013 annual shareholders meeting and then retire from the company altogether in 2014.
The sale of tobacco products in the country was banned by president Gurbanguly Berdymukhamedow in January 2016. A fine of 6,900 manats is imposed on any shop selling cigarettes. Atadurd Odmanov, the head of the State Service for Protecting the Security of a Healthy Society, was earlier stripped of the rank of Colonel because of his failure to persuade smokers to quit.
Hirst, David. ''The Gun and the Olive Branch''. 3rd ed. (Nation Books, 2003), ISBN 1-56025-483-1
By the late 1990s, the success of the business and agricultural reforms ushered in under Doi Moi was evident. More than 30,000 private businesses had been created, and the economy was growing at an annual rate of more than 7 percent. From the early 1990s to 2005, poverty declined from about 50 percent to 29 percent of the population. However, progress varied geographically, with most prosperity concentrated in urban areas, particularly in and around Ho Chi Minh City. In general, rural areas also made progress, as rural households living in poverty declined from 66 percent of the total in 1993 to 36 percent in 2002. By contrast, concentrations of poverty remained in certain rural areas, particularly the northwest, north-central coast, and central highlands.
The current village was founded in 1812. Its main industry was originally forestry, but agriculture, as well as tourism centred on the Pokemouche River, now make up most of the local economy. A revival of the textile industry is also being considered.
The 9th ATKS is the second RPA training squadron at Holloman AFB.  The squadron was activated to meet Air Force training requirements.    By having a second squadron, it enables Holloman to train more students to meet those requirements.   The 9th trains half of the Reaper operators who receive their instruction at Holloman. The base's 29th AS will train the others.
Ability to handle text and non-text parts of a patent in a coherent manner.
The video game was met with average to mixed reception.
On 25 February 2011, Elito signed on loan to Cheltenham until the end of the season.
Atamurat is a town in eastern Turkmenistan. It is located in Lebap Province.  It was formerly known as Kerki or Zamm. It is situated on a plain on the left bank of the Amu Darya river.
The beginnings of the Habitat International Coalition refer to the United Nations Conference on Human Settlements in Vancouver in 1976. In this conference a committee was created and was further elaborated in the United Nations Conference on the Human Environment in Stockholm in 1972 and other global UN conferences. In 1976 the committee concluded and supported the necessity for there to be a constant NGO pressure on governments and international agencies to follow up their recommendations. Also in 1976, the UN Centre for Human Settlements (UN Habitat) was created and therefore the committee sought to create an organization that represented the NGO interests in this sphere named Habitat International Council.
The government continued to cooperate with the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR). ICTR investigators operated freely in areas under government control, seeking a number of individuals indicted for involvement in the 1994 Rwandan genocide whom they believed might be in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
''Current stadium status'': Reconstructed.
Edward Robinson and Eli Smith visited Hableh in the mid-19th century and describe it as being situated along the southern side of a low rocky ridge overlooking a plain on which could be seen the villages of Kilkilieh, Kfer Saba, Jiljulieh, and Ras al Ain. Camping on the ground to the south of the village and north of a wali on a low rocky hill, Robinson and Smith found themselves surrounded by cisterns dug into the rock. Most of these had round openings, some with one or two steps by which one could descend into them to draw water. All appeared to be ancient, and only one was still in use. There was also a sepulcher with an arched vault and an ancient wine press made up of two vats, one shallower and smaller than the other in which grapes would have been trodden with the juice going down through a hole to the larger, deeper vat directly adjacent and slightly below.
The Free State of Saxony also established a Staatskanzlei between 1918 and 1945. The building was used by the Rat des Bezirkes (Board of the Bezirk) of the Bezirk Dresden after the German Democratic Republic had established the Bezirk subdivisions in 1952.
In 1946, Hellman wrote the play Another Part of the Forest, a prequel to Foxes. It was adapted for the screen in 1948.
In 2011 Buchanan exhibited Legacy at the Imperial War Museum in London. The work, a video and photographic installation commissioned by the museum, depicted Scottish bands from the Irish republican and British Unionist communities performing in Northern Ireland.
Portraits de contemporains.
Pennsylvania public school districts budget and expend funds according to procedures mandated by the General Assembly and the Pennsylvania Department of Education (PDE). An annual operating budget is prepared by school district administrative officials. A uniform form is furnished by the PDE and submitted to the board of school directors for approval prior to the beginning of each fiscal year on July 1.
On the 1984 European leg of the tour, as well as certain dates on the American leg (most notably the dates at Radio City Music Hall in New York City) an additional song was usually played between "Revelations" and "Flight of Icarus". The band would perform "Wrathchild", "Murders in the Rue Morgue", "Phantom of the Opera", "Children of the Damned" or "Die With Your Boots On".
 It is essentially an "antistructuralist gesture", as he felt that the "Structures were to be undone, decomposed, desedimented". Trace, or difference, is also pivotal in jeopardizing strict dichotomies:
Its offices were forced to close in May 2001.http://www.securitycouncilreport.org/site/c.glKWLeMTIsG/b.2687219/
On June 28, the seven parties met to discuss the Madhesi demands; although no decision was reached, all of the parties opposed the Madhesi demand for a single province. The Constituent Assembly met later that day and was again disrupted by representatives of the Madhesi parties, forcing the cancellation of the meeting after only a few minutes. The next Constituent Assembly meeting on June 29 was also disrupted by the Madhesis and was cancelled. Jaya Prakash Gupta, a leading figure in the Madhesi Janadhikar Forum (MJF), also warned on June 29 that the Madhesi parties would "not only obstruct the Constituent Assembly but also paralyse the entire nation to force seven parties to meet our demands." Prachanda, in an interview on June 30, expressed frustration with the Madhesi parties' disruption, which occurred just after Koirala's resignation, when it appeared the road to forming a new government was clear. He said that he favored Madhesi autonomy, but opposed their demand for all of Terai to become one Madhesi province. Khanal, the CPN (UML) General Secretary, flatly rejected the demand for a single Madhesi province, condemning it as "a game to disintegrate the nation". He said that the demand ignored the wishes of other ethnic groups in the Terai.
Classification of Mammals by Malcolm C. McKenna and Susan K. Bell
It was built in 1803 by an ironmaster, John Dunlop, who lived there with his wife and four daughters until he was killed in an iron mine collapse in October 1814. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
In 2011, the Brothers criticized pop singer Britney Spears's song "Hold It Against Me" for sounding similar to "If I Said You Had A Beautiful Body Would You Hold It Against Me". In a statement, David Bellamy said "professionally, well, in all honesty, we feel completely ripped off. Where's the originality?" The Bellamy Brothers' attorney Christopher E. Schmidt stated that "it becomes somewhat uncanny if you simply double the beat of the Bellamy Brothers' song and match it up with Britney's version" and pointed out that it was not the first time that songwriters Max Martin and Lukasz "Dr. Luke" Gottwald were accused of copyright infringement. On March 2, 2011, Max Martin, Dr. Luke, Bonnie McKee, and Mathieu "Billboard" Jomphe, all of whom wrote "Hold It Against Me", filed a lawsuit against the Bellamy Brothers for defamation and libel because of the accusations, but the Brothers apologized and the case was dismissed on August 11, 2011. The Brothers released a statement that said, "The Bellamy Brothers apologise to Dr. Luke and Max Martin for the Bellamys' public statements and any false impressions suggested by the statements on their website that Dr. Luke and Max Martin copy the works of others."
Kalansuriya was born in September 20, 1940 in Sri Lanka to Kalansuriya Francis Appuhami and Bengamuwa Arachchige Podi Hamine. Kalansuriya attended Dharmaraja College in Kandy. Kalansuriya was thrust into a parent role at the age of 17 when his mother died and he was left to take care of his three brothers. Kalansuriya left the world of film behind, finding work as a casual laborer earning RS 1.75 per day. 
After the Korean War ended, the 188th was re-equipped with F-80C Shooting Star jet aircraft, and became part of Air Defense Command, being assigned to the Western Air Defense Force.
Waugh, Daniel. ''Egan's Rats: The Untold Story of the Gang that ruled Prohibition-era St. Louis'' Nashville: Cumberland House, 2007.
Aline Helg. Our Rightful Share: The Afro-Cuban Struggle for Equality, 1886-1912. The University of North Carolina Press (1995). ISBN 978-0-8078-4494-6
The choice of the ordinal collapsing function given as example below imitates greatly the system introduced by Buchholz but is limited to collapsing one cardinal for clarity of exposition.  More on the relation between this example and Buchholz's system will be said below.
Health insurance depends on his professional past or present of a person. However, for those not fulfilling the conditions of membership on a professional basis but residing in France for at least three months in a regular situation, there is universal coverage. The insured entitlement to benefits in kind of health insurance and maternity his spouse or partner when it does not have a system of social protection, dependent children and any person taken in charge by the insured and who does not benefit from a system of social protection.
The Dean and Canons of Windsor are the ecclesiastical body of St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle.
'''Fourth position''': there are two fourth positions; fourth ''en avant'' (in front): one arm is in second position, the other is in fifth ''en avant''; fourth ''en haut'' (high): one arm is in second position, the other is in fifth position ''en haut''.
In 1906, Finley was elected the second president of the Oregon Audubon Society (which became the Audubon Society of Portland in 1968).
Chukkas are usually made from calfskin or suede, although they can be made from other materials. The style first became popular in the late 1940s through the 1960s as casual wear. In the 21st century, Chukkas persist as a popular menswear shoe, particularly in the United Kingdom. They can be worn with both suits and more casual wear like jeans.
In the aftermath, the birds return to the forest, now in harmony without fear of Fagin. Oliver and Olivia become mates and bear two children looking like them. Fredrick and Ingolf now take care of themselves and Walter telling stories to Oliver and Olivia's children. Ingolf makes one attempt to fly and does so and the film ends with Ingolf flying into the black screen.
The movie opens on a court case between Dan and Laura Miller (Daniels, Matlin), who have been married for nine years. It is eventually revealed that they are legally separated, and this is a custody hearing for their son, Adam (Valencia). The Millers have always referred to each other as each others' "best friend," but their relationship began to change when Adam lost his hearing at the age of four. At first, his parents accepted and even embraced this change because Laura is deaf herself. When Adam turns eight years old, Dan begins to explore the idea that with a surgical procedure and cochlear implants, his son may be able to hear once again.
A number of features have been added to World of Warcraft, either prior to the original release or in one of the following content updates. From early in the game's development, Blizzard has allowed players to customize their game interface through the use of modifications, also known as mods or add-ons. These mods can help the player by automating simple tasks, grouping similar spells or abilities together and enhancing the way information about the game environment is presented to the player. Mods are developed using the Lua and XML scripting languages, while images and models use the Targa and BLP image formats. Blizzard provides support to allow players to generate their own mods through the User Interface Customization Tool, although it does not provide support for any third-party mods. Some programs that operate alongside World of Warcraft, typically to automate repetitive tasks and allow the game to be played without input from the player, are against the game's terms of use. Use of these type of programs is considered an exploit and may lead to suspension or closure of a player's account.
I. Menin. Breve storico compendio della Guerra d'Italia dell'anno 1796-1797. Verona, Biblioteca civica, 1997.
Kenstar is a brand of home appliances by company Kitchen Appliances India Limited which was launched during October 1996. It makes kitchen appliances, TVs, Air conditioners, air coolers and health appliances. It is a subsidiary of Videocon group.
Its leaves are made up of three equal leaflets 1/2" to 2" (1-4 cm) long, oval to elliptic in shape and pointed at the tip.
This is a list of diplomatic missions in Angola. There are currently 53 embassies in Luanda, and many countries maintain consulates in other Angolan cities (not including honorary consulates).
Axiom 8: Sojourners who lack the PSI schemas of the host culture are more likely to employ data-driven processing, which requires effort and attention.
In the middle of the seventeenth century the Dutch West India Company and the Swedish Africa Company were competitors in the Ahanta area of the Gold Coast. The Dutch had been active in Athana and resident in neighboring Axim since 1642, the Swedish in Butre since 1650. The European powers allied themselves with African states and chiefs in order to gain a sustainable dominance in the area. 
A History of FISM by Max Maven: http://fism.org/web/about/history-of-fism/
Even though he had studied a great amount, Swaminarayan instructed Nityanand Swami to continue further studies. Nityanand Swami was considered one of the foremost scholars and debaters of Hindu scriptures of his era. Along with Gopalanand Swami, Muktanand Swami and Shukanand Swami, Nityanand Swami was one of the four compilers of the Vachanamrutam, the written recordings of the sermons of Swaminarayan.
Kamori Toui - Amane's uncle. He manages an international information company. Seemingly he takes rules lightly, but in reality he's been manipulating estranged members of the Kamori family.
Julio Vega Batlle (May 6, 1899 - April 23, 1973) was a Dominican writer, publishing both plays and novels, and a diplomat. He was born in Santiago de los Caballeros, and graduated from the University of Santo Domingo. He became a judge, and served as a diplomat for the Dominican Republic on missions to London, England; Havana, Cuba; and Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Prevents the Wizard Lord from mistrusting the Chosen Traitor. No matter what anyone says, what the Chosen Traitor has done, or is currently doing, the Wizard Lord will not believe that the Chosen Traitor is capable of betraying him.
 Kantha, Burma  is a village in Bhamo Township in Bhamo District in the Kachin State of north-eastern Burma.
Chilling Effects is a joint web project of the Electronic Frontier Foundation and Harvard, Stanford, Berkeley, University of San Francisco, University of Maine, George Washington School of Law, and Santa Clara University School of Law clinics, which covers the current state of copyright-related law suits, and has a special section devoted to fan fiction legal action and how to fight it.
The season began airing on April 23, 2008 in Japan on TV Tokyo and ended on October 7, 2008. The English adaptation of the Bleach anime is licensed by Viz Media, and this arc began airing on August 28, 2010 on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim, and finished on January 29, 2011. Five DVD compilations, each containing four episodes of the season, have been released by Aniplex; the first DVD compilation was released on November 26, 2008 and the fifth on March 25, 2009. A DVD box will be published by Viz Media on December 13, 2011. 
The spiritual director is Fr. Cyprian P. La Pastina.
In senior school, three more subjects are added to the list. These are German, French and drama. At the end of year 7 students are allowed to choose what language to pursue in future years. Seniors finish at 2:15pm.
This means to Barth, God's presence in our world, His presence as man among men and therefore God's revelation to humanity. It also means humanity's reconciliation with God. To Barth,  this happened and still happens,  it is the substance of the Christmas message.
Throughout ancient and medieval history most architectural design and construction was carried out by artisans, such as stone masons and carpenters, rising to the role of master builder. No theory of structures existed and understanding of how structures stood up was extremely limited, and based almost entirely on empirical evidence of 'what had worked before'. Knowledge was retained by guilds and seldom supplanted by advances. Structures were repetitive, and increases in scale were incremental.
On February 16, 2016, Devendorf signed with the Super City Rangers for the 2016 New Zealand NBL season, returning to the club for a second stint.
In the field of criminal law, there are a variety of conditions that will tend to negate elements of a crime (particularly the intent element), known as defenses. The label may be apt in jurisdictions where the accused may be assigned some burden before a tribunal. However, in many jurisdictions, the entire burden to prove a crime is on the government, which also must prove the absence of these defenses, where implicated. In other words, in many jurisdictions the absence of these so-called defenses is treated as an element of the crime. So-called defenses may provide partial or total refuge from punishment.
G 225: String Quartet Op. 44 No. 6 in E-flat major
The betsileo sportive lemur (Lepilemur betsileo) is a sportive lemur endemic to Madagascar.  It is a relatively large sportive lemur with a total length of about 58 to 27 centimeters, of which 32 to 33 centimeters are tail.  The betsileo sportive lemur is found in eastern Madagascar, living in primary and secondary rainforests .
The Ministry of Science and Technology is the Indian government ministry charged with formulation and administration of the rules and regulations and laws relating to science and technology in India.
Local folklore dates Silwan to the arrival of the second Rashidun caliph, Umar ibn al-Khattab from Arabia. According to one resident's version of the story, the Greeks were so impressed that the Caliph entered on foot while his servant rode on a camel that they presented him with the key to the city. The Caliph thereafter granted the wadi to "Khan Silowna," an agricultural community of cave dwellers living around the valley spring.
Simsa Bay, Zaliv Simsa, should not be confused with Simskaya Bay, Bukhta Simskaya, an inlet on the right side of the Khatanga Gulf.
85141: Out of the Blue - ''Live at Mt. Fuji''
Jenkins's "abiding compassion for the less fortunate", as it has been termed, was first demonstrated with his work with the army in South Africa, where one of his contemporaries said that "his influence for good was boundless". After his return to Oxford, he became involved with the Society of the Holy Cross, an Anglo-Catholic clerical organisation founded by Pusey and others. Its principles included missionary work amongst the poor. Jenkins spent considerable amounts of time in the 1860s ministering to sick and poor railway workers and their families. He was a clerical superior in the "Railway Guild of the Holy Cross", which promoted Christian faith amongst railway employees. His commitment to the task of ministering to railway families led to him becoming known as the "Rail men's Apostle".
Collins' professional career began with having played five seasons with the Baltimore/Washington Bayhawks of Major League Lacrosse. He then spent the 2010 MLL season with the Chicago Machine and retired from the MLL as a member of the Boston Cannons prior to the 2012 Season.  The National Lacrosse League has been a staple of Collins' pro career, spending the last 7 years as a member of the New York Titans, where he backed up Matt Vinc and Erik Miller, the Philadelphia Wings as back up to Brandon Miller, and to date as a member of the newest league franchise the New England Black Wolves as back up goaltender to Evan Kirk and Tye Belanger.  Collins has made appearances in the Canadian Lacrosse Associations Summer scene in the Quebec Senior Lacrosse League as a member of Vermont Voyageurs, and the US Minor system with Professional Lacrosse League's Reading Rockets. 
Djidonou made his international debut for Benin in 2007, and represented them at the Africa Cup of Nations in 2008 and 2010. He has also represented them in FIFA World Cup qualifying matches.
''Bangladesh Ahlehadeeth Mahilla Songstha'' - A ladie's wing of Ahlehadeeth Movement Bangladesh, Founded on 7 June 1981.
One method for this illusion is given by Herbert L. Becker in his book All the Secrets of Magic Revealed. He suggests the assistant wears a special corset, which is hidden by her clothes. When the assistant is lifted onto the sword, the tip engages into the back of the corset. When the "impalement" occurs, the sword sinks into its support and a dummy sword tip emerges from the front of the corset. Everything is carefully timed and music is used to provide cues so that the performance is synchronised. The music also serves to cover any noise from the mechanism.This trick was exposed by the Masked Magician in Breaking the Magician's Code: Magic's Biggest Secrets Finally Revealed.
In 2004, an injury kept him out of contention for the 2004 Tiger Cup which Singapore won.
Jason's relationship with Ninja Tune started after he met Coldcut with the DJ Toolz project and blossomed with the release of four breakbeat albums under the same name on sub-label Ninja Toolz.
There are 26 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.  Another property was once listed but has been removed.
The inhabitants of the first house, a twenty-three-year-old Arab and his wife, had been killed by the blast.
''"Soul and its properties in the beliefs of Teleuts"'' // Coll. MAHE, Leningrad, 1929, Vol. 8, in Russian 
From December 14, 1948, to October 1, 1952, Bolin served as the district attorney for Webster and Bossier parishes. In the DA race, Bolin defeated Bossier Parish attorney and later state representative Ford E. Stinson, 6,432 to 5,618. His margin of victory came from his own Webster Parish. Bolin was known for the prosecution of gambling and racketeering. In September 1952, Bolin won a special election to the 26th Judicial District Court bench. He was reelected without opposition in 1954. In 1954, Bolin sentenced Minden Mayor John T. David to 120 days on the Webster Parish Penal Farm for two bootlegging misdemeanors. The convictions were upheld by the Louisiana Supreme Court.
Ralph de Wilington, 2nd Baron Wilington (d. 1348)
For each team event there will be 8 qualified teams plus a team from the Host Nation if applicable. The teams will qualify as follows:
See text for species.
Botany Bay is the northernmost of seven bays in Broadstairs. It features chalk cliffs and is a popular tourist location. Bathing is reportedly safe for swimming, surfing, and kayaking, and lifeguards are on duty.
Section 6 of HB1804 provides definitions for several words as they are used in HB1804.
Hurst encountered much more blatant discrimination and segregation when she moved to the city of Topeka, Kansas, in 1940. She studied to become a cosmetologist at a segregated school, the Kansas Vocational School. She was known to be a very good typist, but could not find a clerical position in the city due to her race.  She was instead offered domestic work, such as a housekeeper or maid.
We just play for the glory, and the clash of the ash.
The Sunraysia Institute of TAFE is the TAFE institute servicing Mildura, Victoria since 1979.
Fuentes graduated as a lawyer from the National University of La Plata in 1973 and became an adviser to the Federation of Rural Workers and later advised other trade unions.
Rintoo is voiced by Jack Samson.
The Grand Parade underwent extensive upgrades prior to being the venue for the 2010 World Cup FIFA Fan Fest in Cape Town.
LA 3046 Spur was an undivided, two-lane highway for its entire length.
This municipality is isolated from major population centers and suffers from drought and poor soils.
He was elected to the Italian Chamber of Deputies in 2006. Re-elected in 2008, he is currently President of the Environment Committee of the Chamber.
Reception to the Myst novels has been mixed. Sybil Steinberg of Publishers Weekly reviewed The Book of Atrus and stated that Wingrove's achievement of a "rollicking adventure tale" was improbable, given that previous game-to-book attempts had failed horribly. Booklist also gave the book a positive review, stating that the plot was predictable but the book served its purpose "to either introduce readers to the game, or supply players with back stories". A reviewer for New Scientist called the story "a good, light read for the holiday season."
He later returned to Ireland, and became active in conservation issues, becoming involved with the Irish Georgian Society. He was appointed its president in 1991. He has also represented the Christie's art auctioneers in Ireland. He died in Dublin in 2011.
In December 2008, the song "Aku Stacy" made it to the final round of Anugerah Juara Lagu, an annual award show in Malaysia to honour the best Malay song every year, a rare accomplishment made by newcomers in the industry.Despite her busy schedules to be fully prepared for Anugerah Juara Lagu, Stacy's second single, "Gagap", premiered in the season finale of Sehati Berdansa. The song is commercially successful as it becomes her second single to reach Top 5 in most charts. In Carta Era, the single has peaked at number 2 and was held off by Adam's "Benar-Benar". In Carta Hot Fm, the song debuted at number 17 and went to peak at number 5. The song also entered Carta Muzik FM at number 10, and eventually peaked at number 4. In Carta Muzik Muzik, the second peaked at number 2, being held of by Adam's "Benar-Benar". Along with Nubhan, fellow student of AF6, Stacy was listed fourth in Murai's list of "Most Outstanding Newcomers of 2008".
The temple is located at 9 Changchun Jie in Xuanwu District, Beijing.
Jalan Kampung Poh (Perak state route A132) is a major road in Perak, Malaysia. It is also a main route to North-South Expressway Northern Route via Bidor Interchange.
The Ram River is characterized by numerous waterfalls and deep canyons throughout its course.  It is first bridged by Alberta Highway 734, and again by a secondary road above its confluence with the North Saskatchewan River.  Ram Falls Provincial Recreation Area is also located on the river.
In the Liberal split of September 1931 when Sir John Simon formed the National Liberal group in Parliament to continue giving support to the National Government of prime minister Ramsay MacDonald, Harbord decided to leave the official Liberals led by Herbert Samuel and join the Simonites. He held Great Yarmouth as a Liberal National at the 1931 general election and again in 1935. He represented the seat until his death in 1941.
The switch from daylight saving time to standard time was on November 2. Therefore, the events on Friday and Saturday were UTC-4, and the events on Sunday were UTC-5.
The Alvarado Terrace Historic District is within the original Spanish Pueblo of Los Angeles boundaries established in 1781. During the late 19th century, the land was owned by Doria Deighton Jones, the widow of a wholesale grocer. In 1897, the Los Angeles Golf Club (predecessor of the Los Angeles Country Club) leased the land and built a nine-hole golf course that came to be known as "Windmill Links," due to the use of an old windmill as the clubhouse.
In 2008, the Vital Statistics Registry, which had been a part of the Department of Health, was transferred to ISC. In June 2013, the Vital Statistics Registry transferred to eHealth Saskatchewan. The Corporate Registry (formerly known as the Corporations Branch as part of the Ministry of Justice) became part of ISC in October 2010. In 2011, ISC launched Business Registrations Saskatchewan. In 2013, Information Services Corporation became a publicly traded company.
The 1997 Stella Artois Championships was a men's tennis tournament played on grass courts at the Queen's Club in London in the United Kingdom and was part of the World Series of the 1997 ATP Tour. It was the 95th edition of the tournament and was held from June 9 through June 15, 1997. Mark Philippoussis won the singles title.
The deep, persistent and enduring inequalities in evidence across Africa have consequences. They weaken the bonds of trust and solidarity that hold societies together. Over the long run, they will undermine economic growth, productivity and the development of markets.
The cross is usually lit in white and the new LED system allows it to be any colour, including the purple traditionally used between the death and election of a new Pope. The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Montreal is the body responsible of informing the city of the death of the Pope. Before the installation of the fibre-optic lighting, the purple illumination was accomplished by changing all the light bulbs. It is now controlled by computer.  On various occasions, the cross has been turned red for AIDS awareness and blue for Saint-Jean-Baptiste Day. The Resignation of Pope Benedict XVI presented a bit of a dilemma for how the cross would be lit; it was later announced that the cross would be lit in white during the interregnum preceding the election of Pope Francis on March 13, 2013.
Dergoul, and four other UK citizens, Jamal al Harith, Ruhal Ahmed, Asif Iqbal and Shafiq Rasul were repatriated in March 2004.
Ramanujam, N., Wang, X., Huang, W., Schiffer, L., Grimaldi, C., Akkerman, A.,  Diamond, B., Madaio, M., and Davidson, A. The mechanism of action of TACI-Ig in murine SLE. J. Immunol. 173: 3524-3534 (2003).
This article shows all participating team squads at the 2007 Volleyball America's Cup, held from August 15 to August 19, 2007, in Manaus, Brazil.
Administratively Chkalov Island  belongs to the Khabarovsk Krai of the Russian Federation.
Statistics of Luxembourg National Division in season 1923/1924.
And furthermore Hans Bagge, received a farm which lay next to the friary next to the water mill, which Nielse Erikssen who then lived in Halmstad, willed to the brothers the one half when he himself died, and the other half part after his wife's death, and they both died before the dissolution of the friary.
After Carver published Beach Head and Raid over Moscow, Compute! in 1985 called him one of "the world's best computer game designers" and a peer of Chris Crawford, Bill Budge, and Dan Bunten. With his brother Roger, he created the influential Links golf game series, beginning with Leader Board and World Class Leader Board.  The Links games defined golf video games and simulations.  In 1997, PC Gamer named him one of the "Gods of Gaming".
Compart, Friedrich, 2004: ''Geschichte des Klosters Doberan'' (reprint of the original edition of 1872). Godewind Verlag. ISBN 3-938347-07-4
137 Avenue is a major arterial road in north Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. This road travels through residential, industrial and commercial areas, including shopping and entertainment centres and districts.
In 1998 the company moved to its new and present home at the Castle Combe Circuit in Wiltshire and was sold to Alan Cooper to become Swift Cooper. 
The Catholic Church in Handan was established as an apostolic prefecture on May 24, 1929, by Pope Pio XI. The diocesan territory covered the counties of Yongnian, Jize, Zhuzhou, Weixian, Chengan, Cixian, Handan, Qinghe, Guangping, Feixiang with the cathedral located at Zhaozhuang of Weixian. It became an apostolic vicariate on March 6, 1933 and was made a diocese on April 11, 1946.
The CNA undertakes several advocacy tasks related to nuclear technology in Canada, such as participating in relevant regulatory and environmental affairs, public, government, and media relations, education, and also provides several business functions such as conferences and workshops.
The Devil's Daughter was a 1915 American silent drama film directed by Frank Powell and starring Theda Bara. Based on the tragedy La Gioconda, by Gabriele D'Annunzio, the film was produced by Fox Film Corporation and shot at the Fox Studio in Fort Lee, New Jersey. It is now considered lost.
Majji Sundarayya Patrudu (died 16 February 2004, Visakhapatnam) was an Indian communist politician and trade unionist from Andhra Pradesh. At the time of his death he was the general secretary of the All India Centre of Trade Unions and a Central Committee member of the Marxist Communist Party of India.
Steen Jensen is educated at the University of Oslo where he studied English, Norwegian, and political science.
One of KiwiRail's major operations is on the Midland line, where unit trains of up to 30 wagons transport coal from the West Coast to Lyttelton.
This glossary is incomplete; you can help by expanding it: you can also help by adding illustrations that assist an understanding of the terms.
In late 1862 Nevin was sentenced "to be cashiered," by a general court-martial. However, in April 1863 his sentence was disapproved by the Secretary of War, Edwin M. Stanton and he was released from arrest, and restored to his command.
In March 2008 the organization became the youngest non-governmental organization to join the United Nations Global Compact ( UNGC ) Program.
In 2009 he received an offer from Muangthong United F.C., which he accepted and changed. He can champion Muang Thong United for 2009 Thai Premier League and Attaphol won Coach of The year for Thai Premier League and he was able to lead Muang Thong United to play AFC Champions League qualifying play-off for the first in the club's history.
Early film of the 1906 San Francisco Earthquake aftermath. Views of destruction taken from a vehicle moving east down Market Street.
Jackinsky, Nadia. "Four Exhibits of Alaska Native Art: Women Artists Breaking Boundaries." ''Paradoxa: International Feminist Art Journal.'' vol.22 July 2008: 90-93.
In expressing those problems of mankind she look for reactions, she digs the feelings, hopes, anxieties, secrets, she draws them out and investigate in order to recover that childish fantasy for the adult, who also has the urge for magic, she needs to depict "stories" that will satisfy these perverse tendencies through fantasy and she finds specific models to express them as the children's imagination would.
The album is named after Normal, Illinois as referenced in the track "Effington". "Effington" refers to Effingham, Illinois.
The Commission's Report announced that "in estimating the value of the invention of the Tanks for the purpose of our recommendations, we have taken into account not merely the precise class of Tanks which went into action at the Battle of the Somme, but also any modified or improved classes of Tanks which may fairly be considered to result from the normal development of the inherent potentialities of the original invention". Notwithstanding this, however, the Report continued, "we have not taken into account any special or exceptional inventions which may subsequently have been applied and have resulted in substantial extra utility".
Master Antelope is a Kung Fu Master who was featured in the digital comic "Legend of the Legendary Warrior." Not much is known about her except for the fact that she took part in a Kung Fu Tournament at the Jade Palace.
In 1937, the conflict on the Marco Polo Bridge in Beijing led to the start of war with Japan.  When Japanese forces reached Shanghai in 1939, Sung, then age 7, and her family fled their home to go live at her step-grandmother's home in Shanghai's French Concession.  In 1941, she attended the McTyeire Home and School for Girls,  where she first heard of Christianity.  During  her time there, Sung had a vision of a guardian angel, appearing in the form of an old man.  She felt this guardian angel advised her throughout her life.
He was Chairman of a youth hostel from February 2002 to 2004. He served as trustee of Kadva Patidar trust, in Amreli, Chairman of Madad Trust and President of the Gujarat electricity board union.
Part the First is divided into four sections: "Instructions to Masters and Mistresses, concerning their Servants", "To the Patronesses of an Humble Companion", "To Parents" and "To the Husband". To the master and mistresses, the narrator claims that "you are no true lover of the noble game of Tormenting, if a good dinner, or any other convenience or enjoyment, can give you half the pleasure, as the teasing and mortifying a good industrious servant, who has done her very best to please you."
After returning to the United States in 1929, Clarke continued to perform on the stage while also appearing in sound films. She played a leading role in the play Death Takes a Holiday, which was directed by her husband. After her final film in 1940, she continued to perform occasionally in local theatrical productions.
It is being investigated by researchers from Nigeria's Ahmadu Bello University. In animal tests, it is showing promise against the parasite that causes sleeping sickness and severe anaemia in livestock in many parts of Africa. Leaf extract is active against  Escherischia coli, Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Candida albicans. Tannins, flavonoids, alkaloids, saponins, anthraquinones, starch, general glycosides and bitter principles can be found in the extract. Indigenous people of Florida used the bark to treat sore muscles and gums.
The cycle notation of classical, group-based permutations generalizes to symmetric inverse semigroups by the addition of a notion called a path, which (unlike a cycle) ends when it reaches the "undefined" element; the notation thus extended is called path notation.
International Christian School is an English language, Christian independent school in Hong Kong. Founded in 1992, it provides education at all grades from kindergarten to the senior secondary levels.
The monastery in Burgos is probably the better-known of the two.
Lamosite deposits are the most abundant and largest oil shale deposits beside of marinite deposits. The largest lacustrine-type oil shale deposits are the Green River Formation in western United States, a number deposits in eastern Queensland, Australia, and the New Brunswick Albert Formation and several other deposits in Canada.
The album, also named Blessed including 14 tracks, was released on 25 July 2008, and went as well straight to no. 2 in the German album charts. These simultaneous single and album charts positions made Maalouf the most successful DSDS finalist of all time.
In the final term (Trinity term), a Sports Day is traditionally held at Gateshead International Stadium where pupils in each year group compete against class mates in track and field events, in order to gain points for their House team. Points from Sports Day and throughout the year are totalled up on the day and the winning House team announced. The two winning House Captains (from Year 11) collect the trophy on behalf of their House team.
With its central position in Worcester, Diglis Basin is very convenient for shops and leisure facilities in the centre of the city. It also has the following facilities of its own:
At present, she stars in Star Plus Chand Chupa Badal Mein which is produced by Rajan Shahi as caring, confident Grand mother of female lead Nivedita played by Neha sargam. Her recent film Gangoobai has just been released in theatres in January 2013 in which she plays the protagonist.
The kibbutz was founded in 1932 on land bought by Yehoshua Hankin from the Lebanese in 1925. The founders were a mix of native Jews and immigrants from the United States. It was named after the South African politician Jan Smuts, who was a prominent supporter of Zionism. In 1941, Yitzhak Rabin joined the Palmach section of the Haganah during his stay at kibbutz Ramat Yohanan.
The series was renamed ''Ancestors'' for its seventh season.
Two federal appellate courts ruled in the various cases. One case in the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit ruled against National Geographic in 2001 (Greenberg v. National Geographic), prior to the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling in a similar case later that same year involving the same statute of the U.S. Copyright law (New York Times Co. v. Tasini).
Lancewood sailed for the western Pacific Ocean 24 January 1945. After touching Eniwetok and Guam, she reached a holding area off Iwo Jima 20 February and 3 days later began pulling damaged landing craft off the beaches to facilitate unloading operations. She placed moorings, laid nets, and salvaged landing craft off Iwo Jima until 12 April when she departed for the Mariana Islands.
The Ewoks are involved in a large portion of the final installment in Lucas' original Star Wars trilogy. When the Empire begins operations on the moon of Endor, prior to the events depicted in the film, it ignores the primitive Ewoks. Princess Leia, part of a Rebel strike team, then befriends the Ewok Wicket W. Warrick, a scout from Bright Tree village, and is taken to meet the other Ewoks. The Ewoks capture Han Solo, Chewbacca, Luke and the droids in a trap, and take them back to the village. As Ewoks are a carnivorous race that considers humanoid flesh a delicacy, they prepare fires in anticipation of eating Han, Luke and Chewbacca to absorb their power.
Itopride given as a single dose study found that it also raises levels of motilin, somatostatin and lowers levels of cholecystokinin, as well as adrenocorticotropic hormone. These effects may also contribute to itopride's pharmacology.
1924 : Raxaul - Birgunj - Amlekhgunj Metre Gauge Track started being laid down by Martin's of Calcutta.
He died on February 16, 1924.
By the 1980s, AM radio was in severe decline. Top 40 radio had already migrated to the higher fidelity of FM, and the few remaining AM formats, particularly country music, were headed in the same direction or, in the case of formats such as MOR, falling out of favor entirely. Talk radio, not needing the high fidelity that music does, became an attractive format for AM radio station operators. However, in order to capitalize on this, operators needed compelling content.
Robinson began his teaching career at what was then the Tamil Nadu Theological College (now the Tamil Nadu Theological Seminary) in 1962. In 1987, Robinson accepted an invitation from the Predigerseminar at Soest, Germany to teach there. Later that year, however, the Principal of the United Theological College in Bengaluru, India, Rev. Dr. E. C. John, retired, and the school formed a committee to find a replacement.  Robinson accepted their invitation to return to India and become Principal there, and also headed their Department of Old Testament studies.
11 Air Manoeuvre Brigade has patrol companies since 2011. A patrol company consists of a staff, two patrol platoons, a reconnaissance platoon and a battalion's role 1 medical unit.
For these reasons, interviews with experts are more useful in conducting marketing research for industrial firms and for products of a technical nature, where it is relatively easy to identify and approach the experts. This method is also helpful in situations where little information is available from other sources, as in the case of radically new products.
The Indiana Crossroads Conference is an eight-school conference, with schools located in Marion, Morgan and Shelby counties, mostly consisting of small private schools with three small public schools.
After his fall, new safety regulations were instituted.  Nevertheless, Neves suffered several more injuries in falls, including vision problems, and required brain surgery in 1959.  Still known for his individualistic style, he was suspended frequently throughout his career, including a five-day suspension for "careless riding" in 1961, after his Hall of Fame induction. 
Meanwhile, Tatler decided to resurrect Diamond Head with new vocalist Nick Tart who worked on Diamond Head's fifth studio album, All Will Be Revealed, which was released through Cargo Records in 2005. Tatler stated that his aim was just to try to release a solid rock album, with "punchy" riffs and no fillers. After a successful tour supporting Megadeth, in 2007 Diamond Head released their latest album What's in Your Head?.
Warren Row is a village in Berkshire, England, and part of the civil parish of Hurley.
Small-time actress Judy Schneider dreams of becoming a Hollywood star even as she struggles along playing a human football in a kitschy Broadway musical. One day in Central Park she bumps into Melvin, the bumbling assistant to a Look magazine photographer. Melvin is smitten with Judy and endures disapproval from her father who wants her to marry Harry Flack, the boring heir to a paper box company. He exaggerates his importance at the magazine in order to impress Judy and her family and promises to get her on the cover, using the photo shoots as an excuse to spend time with her. His charade is exposed when her picture doesn't appear on the cover and she discovers that he is just a lowly assistant. Too ashamed to face her, Melvin abandons his job and disappears into Central Park. While hiding in the Park he sees Judy's picture on the cover of Look and discovers that the editor made her a cover girl so he would see it and come out of hiding.   
Special Branch Headed by Adll: Inspector General of Police, Special Branch, Sindh.
- Letter to Max Afford from S. A. Kaye, ''Biographical Encyclopedia of the World''. 8 September 1947.
In the past she has worked with the United States Department of Defense on nonlethal weapons development, or the enhancement of bad odors as weapons. 
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.  The home was demolished on May 13, 2011. As of 2013, there has been new development on the property.
There are two bridges in the district.  The older of the two carries Massachusetts Route 30 over the open channel below the dam, and was built in 1898.  It is a concrete twin-arch bridge, faced in granite.  The second bridge, a single-arch span made of similar materials, carries an access road over the open channel to the Weston Aqueduct head house, and was built in 1902-3.
Fuchs passes the details of the plutonium bomb, Fatman, to his Soviet contact, Raymond. The project's tests are successful and the uranium bomb, Little Boy, is dropped on Hiroshima while Piles and Fuchs's Fatman is dropped on Nagasaki. In the aftermath Soviet premier Joseph Stalin orders Lavrentiy Beria to construct a Soviet plutonium bomb based on the Fatman plans supplied by Fuchs. Recalled to England, his adopted home, Fuchs returns with the nuclear secrets the U.S. is no longer willing to share. Fuchs passes the American secrets to the British as well.
Jim Lee is a comic book artist.
Dave Martin is a former American sportscaster who spent seven seasons as a play-by-play announcer in Major League Baseball.
When they were first identified in the 1920s, they were believed to be placentals and possible ancestors of the "creodonts" (extinct carnivorous mammals), but this was later disproven. Nonetheless, deltatheroideans do converge on hyaenodontids, oxyaenids, carnivorans, dasyuromorphs and sparassodonts in many details of their dental anatomy, suggesting a carnivorous lifestyle. Oxlestes and Khuduklestes in particular are among the largest mammals of the Mesozoic, though at least the former's status as deltatheroideans is questionable.
Richard William Taylor. Group Commercial director, Vosper Thorneycroft plc. For services to the Defence Industry. (Southampton, Hampshire)
''Dublinese : Know What I mean?'', Doughcloyne, Cork, 2006, ISBN 1-9051-7207-9
Shortly after taking office as the United States Attorney for the Central District of California, O'Brien disbanded the U.S. Attorneys office in Los Angeles whose target was corruption of public officials, elected officials, and other governmental regulators. O'Brien explained that the unit's 17 lawyers would be farmed out to other sections in the office.
Directed by Sunaga Hideaki, the music video begins with Sakurai with his hands clasped together. The video then moves on to show Arashi standing in a circle singing while the camera steadily spins around them. With each member wearing clothes in white and silver, the video transitions between the group circle and solo shots. During the rap portion of the song, Sakurai stands in the center of the circle. In the closing, an image of the sky is blended in with the video as Arashi sings the last two lines of the song.
Pizzo Campanile is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps on the Swiss-Italian border. On its northern side it overlooks the Val Cama.
The Act of March 3, 1855, 10 Stat. 701, allowing persons who had made entries before January 1, 1852, two years time to return their surveys did not apply to those who had made both entries and surveys before the latter date.
Ed.D. Black gown with long sleeves with 3-inch red facings down the front. Black hood with blue lining bordered with red
Official support for the Nokia N900 Maemo device ceased with version 7.
In 2011, he helped his team to win the Under 23 Gulf Cup of Nations scoring three goals, a brace in a 3-2 win over the United Arab Emirates in the Group Stage and one in a 4-3 win over Saudi Arabia in the semi-finals.
Shark is a French company that produces motorcycle helmets, which was founded in 1986 in Marseille, France.
A second concert film, "Weird Al" Yankovic Live!: The Alpocalypse Tour, aired on Comedy Central on October 1, 2011, and was released on Blu-ray and DVD three days later. The concert was filmed at Massey Hall in Toronto, Canada, during Yankovic's tour supporting the album Alpocalypse. As before, video clips (apart from those for his own videos) and unreleased songs were edited out for legal reasons.
Georges Poull, La Maison souveraine et ducale de Bar, 1994.
When Croatia declared its independence again in 1991, Split had a large garrison of JNA troops (drafted from all over Yugoslavia), as well as the headquarters and facilities of the Yugoslav War Navy (JRM). This led to a tense months-long stand-off between the JNA and Croatian National Guard and police forces, occasionally flaring up in various incidents.
British and North American ideas, particularly those of the United States, largely shape the beliefs and practices of the middle sector. These influences stem not only from the formal education system, but also from the popular culture of North America conveyed through cinema, magazines, radio, television, and migration. These cultural ideas are as much African-American as Anglo-American. Beginning with the Black Power movement of the late 1960s and early 1970s, middle- and working-class Creole youth increasingly adopted an Afrocentric cultural consciousness that distinguished them both from their elders and other ethnic groups in Belizean society.
The main predators of coccinellids are usually birds, but they are also the prey of frogs, wasps, spiders, and dragonflies. The bright colours of many coccinellids discourage some potential predators from making a meal of them. This phenomenon, called aposematism, works because predators learn by experience to associate certain prey phenotypes with a bad taste. A further defence, known as "reflex bleeding", exists in which an alkaloid toxin is exuded through the joints of the exoskeleton, triggered by mechanical stimulation (such as by predator attack) in both larval and adult beetles, deterring feeding.
Eddie C. Campbell (born May 6, 1939, Duncan, Mississippi) is an American blues guitarist and singer active in the Chicago blues scene.
Sales has studied extensively with coaches from AADA, The Actors Studio, USC and Oregon Shakespeare Company. Her most recent appearances include Heartbeat (2016), Generation Wolf (2017), Prodigals (2017), Girlfriends Guide to Divorce (2015), Cedar Cove (2012-2015), and Love On The Sidelines (2015). She is represented by Vickie Petronio, PLAY MGMT.
Palchok is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1978 and had 409 houses in the village.
The National AIDS Control Program, chaired by the Minister of Health, was established in the early 1990s. Recently, with considerable support from the World Bank, the DR Congo is establishing a multisectoral national control program called Programme National Multisectorial de Lutte contre le SIDA. It is attached to the Office of the President and will act as the central unit for planning, coordination, and monitoring and evaluation of all HIV/AIDS/STI activities in the country. Another important opportunity offered to the DR Congo is funding from the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria.
Troup High's football and soccer teams play at Callaway Stadium.
This device shows a good reliability and internal consistency of the global score in comparison to the sub-dimensions.
Jinder continues to enjoy a lengthy solo career, resumed following the initial Mercurymen split. After The Mercurymen's departure from Sony BMG, Jinder signed to Universal Records subsidiary Mighty Village, who released his sixth solo album Crumbs Of Comfort (co-produced by fellow Mercuryman Simon Johnson) in September 2012.
South Wharf is also home to many apartments, shopping outlet Direct Factory Outlets and the 5-star luxury hotel Hilton Melbourne - South Wharf.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 13 February 1971 with one fixture and two replays played three or four days later.
In 1980, Masashi Watanabe became manager for Japan national team.
Silvana Franco (born 1968) is a British TV personality and chef. Of Italian origin, Franco was raised in Derby. Following chef's training at High Peak College in Buxton, she studied a degree in Home Economics. A college work placement with the BBC's Vegetarian Good Food magazine led to a position as a senior writer for Good Food, following which she worked as Food Editor for Marks and Spencer magazine. Her first work in television was with Ainsley Harriott as a food stylist, but she was subsequently promoted to presenter. She starred in the 2002 BBC series The Best. Franco is the author of several cookbooks, including 'Family Food' (2006) and 'The Really Useful Ultimate Student Cookbook' (2007). She married Rob Fitzpatrick and has a daughter, Cassia, and a son, Fabio.
XBRLS '''never''' uses the precision attribute, '''always''' uses the decimals attribute.
During the typing of Kung Fu Kids (KFK), it usually takes him about 34 takes to perfect one action sequence. But Enrico Santos, KFK Business Unit head quickly clarifies that "It is not a question of Chubbs' ability as a kid actor, because he is very good, convincing." "The show just requires much more from everyone -- the production to the creative teams to the cast. "
Louis Joseph Saint-Amans was born on June 12, 1749 in Marseille. Initially studying to be a lawyer, he abandoned his studies to focus on music.
The executive leadership staff facilitates communication between the SVA chapters, connects them with external resources, and organizes these chapters to advocate at the state and national level for the common needs of student veterans.
It has been proposed that life initially arose as autocatalytic chemical networks. British ethologist Richard Dawkins wrote about autocatalysis as a potential explanation for the origin of life in his 2004 book The Ancestor's Tale. In his book, Dawkins cites experiments performed by Julius Rebek, Jr. and his colleagues in which they combined amino adenosine and pentafluorophenyl esters with the autocatalyst amino adenosine triacid ester (AATE). One product was a variant of AATE, which catalyzed the synthesis of themselves. This experiment demonstrated the possibility that autocatalysts could exhibit competition within a population of entities with heredity, which could be interpreted as a rudimentary form of natural selection.
Michael Kabran of PopMatters said, "the album lacks the cohesion and comes across like an uneven mixtape, assembled without an active contribution from all parties." Meanwhile, Ben Meredith of URB called it "a powerful hip-hop album, extraordinarily eclectic, and a real treat from the Jean Grae/Blue Sky Black Death collaboration."
Capsospongia is a middle Cambrian sponge genus known from 2 specimens in the Burgess shale.fotbs  It has a narrow base, and consists of bulging rings which get wider further up the sponge, resulting in a conical shape.  Its open top was presumably used to expel water that had passed through the sponge cells and been filtered for nutrients.
Elrington Ball described him as a man who combined great wit with incisive intelligence and a knowledge of the world.
Hadrohybus is an extinct genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida. It lived in Newfoundland during the Ordovician.
The AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety is a non-profit, charitable organization based in Washington, DC that is dedicated to saving lives through traffic safety research and education. Since its founding in 1947, the AAA Foundation has sponsored over 200 projects related to highway safety, covering topics such as distracted, impaired, and drowsy driving; road rage; graduated driver licensing; driver's education and training; and pedestrian safety. The AAA Foundation research agenda is centered on four priority areas, known as the Centers of Excellence: Teen Driver Safety; Senior Safety and Mobility; Roadway Safety (the U.S. Road Assessment Program); and Safety Culture. Research in each of these areas is intended to identify the causes and consequences of motor vehicle crashes, evaluate possible countermeasures and solutions, and offer recommendations for achieving the overarching goal of preventing injuries and fatalities on the nation's highways.
Anonymous documents cases of violation of animal rights. It regularly visits industrial farms, and compares their practices to those allowed by law, assisted by theoretical agricultural research and by animal rights groups in Europe and the United States.
01. "Mr Clean The Middle Man (Intro)"
Security Officers may  carry firearms, handcuffs or batons where their role requires them to do so and then only when working and have the appropriate sub-class accreditation to their license.
Stone began his acting career in 2003, appearing in Hell to Pay. He has also appeared in British television series such as EastEnders, The Bill and My Family.
Charlie Grosso (born January 3, 1979) is a Taiwanese American photographer, writer, brand consultant, adventure traveler, and gallery owner based out of New York City. She is best known for her documentary photo series "Wok the Dog." This project, 10 years in the making, spans 120 cities, 42 countries, and 5 continents.  The series documents food markets and street scenes in Asia, Europe, Latin America, Africa, and the Middle East and has been exhibited worldwide.
In October 2011, just a few weeks after the launch of the Fitbit Ultra, Fitbit launched a native app for the iPhone. In March 2012 Fitbit launched a native app for Android. Users could log their food, activities, water intake and weight, as well as track their fitness goals throughout the day even while offline.
they compass us about present on every side.
At the 1935 election, Chorlton was elected MP for Bury. In 1939 he announced he would not be standing for parliament again. He remained Bury's member of parliament until he stood down at the next election in 1945, which was delayed due to the Second World War.
Flamming, Douglas.  ''Bound For Freedom:  Black Los Angeles in Jim Crow America.''  Berkeley and Los Angeles:  University of California Press, 2005.
Kofi Aidoo is a Ghanaian writer. He was born in the 1950s at Sagyimase in the Akim Abuakwa Traditional Area of Ghana, where he also began his Elementary Education at Asikwa. The first of nine children born to a senior touring officer at the Ghana Prisons Services; his interests in writing began at a young age writing short stories on his escapades with his father around the country. While studying at Anum Presbyterian Training College, his literary works found their way into the BBC-Africa Service weekly bulletin. 
After the fall of communism, Poland and the reunited Germany have had a mostly positive but occasionally strained relationship due to some political issues. After the collapse of the Soviet Union, Germany has been a proponent of Poland's participation in NATO and the European Union. During this time, some reparations from World War II were continued to be repaid to Poland and that money was distributed through the Foundation for Polish-German Reconciliation, a foundation supported by both governments.
Hoffmann made her international senior debut at the 2008 NRW Trophy in Dortmund and her national senior debut at the 2009 German Championships in Oberstdorf.
Season 1 contestant Onch appeared as a co-host, dubbed the "Life Pet" by Hilton. Natalie Reid (a professional Paris Hilton-lookalike who also appeared with Hilton in The Simple Life), made a special guest appearance as Hilton's double in the premiere.
Note: Listing of Roads from West to East.
Janis Owens (born 1960 in Marianna, Florida) is an American author. She has written three novels and one cookbook. Her fourth novel is due in October, 2012, American Ghost.
John Beamish: He was a great worker for the GAA and was involved in every major and minor sporting event in the parish. He was a publican and also an agent for the quarries.
Collectively, the process of conducting the appraisal, reporting the FV of the assets and liabilities, the allocation of the net identifiable assets from the old balance sheet price to the FV, and the determination of the goodwill in the transaction, is referred to as the PPA process. Note that a purchase price may be less than the target's balance sheet value for a variety of reasons, which can lend itself to a write-down of net assets.
He earned one cap for the Swiss national team in 1990.
In 1976, they were renamed the Salinas Angels. In 1957, they won the California League title. One of their players, John Balaz, was named MVP in 1973.
"Her reputation attracted students" whether the young or the professional dancer. For Maracci "teaching gave her more autonomy." She had offered instruction in ballet since the 1930s, but it became her focus as she approached her fiftieth year. "Her teaching included politics, poetry, music, and cooking, as a way to nurture the art of dance as an integral part of the student's journey of life." "She lived in a world of people who came to sit at her feet."
On April 24, 2008, Triarc announced the acquisition of Wendy's, the international fast food company. The transaction was part of the company's strategy to transition from a holding company for varied businesses into a true food and beverage company. The purchase was finalized on September 15, 2008, when shareholders of both Triarc and Wendy's agreed to the terms.  As part of the terms, the name was changed to Wendy's/Arby's Group, Inc.
Green, William. ''War Planes of the Second World War: Volume Five Flying Boats''. London:Macdonald,1968. ISBN 0-356-01449-5.
Vasilopoulos was a member of the junior national teams of Greece. With Greece's junior national teams, he played at both the 2004 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship and the 2005 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship.
EADF was an intermediate-level command and control organization of Air Defense Command.  Its origins date to 1 March 1949 when Continental Air Command (ConAC) reorganized Air Defense Command when it became an operating agency.  Air defense units within the Continental United States (CONUS) were given to the Eastern and Western Air Defense Liaison Groups, with Western and Eastern Air Defense Forces activated on 1 September 1949.  
On 5 January 2016, Bavuma became the first black cricketer to make a Test century for South Africa. This was an unbeaten 102 at Cape Town in the 2nd Test of the 2015/16 series against England.
In a July 2009 report, the Government Accountability Office ("GAO") reported that SEC staff had stated to the GAO that (1) CSE Brokers did not take on larger proprietary positions after applying reduced haircuts to those positions under the 2004 rule change and (2) leverage at those CSE Brokers was driven by customer margin loans, repurchase agreements, and stock lending, which were marked daily and secured by collateral that exposed the CSE Brokers to little if any risk.  The report also stated officials at a former CSE Holding Company told the GAO they did not join the CSE program to increase leverage.  The GAO confirmed that leverage at the CSE Holding Companies had been higher at the end of 1998 than at the end of 2006 just before the financial crisis began.  The GAO report includes a comment letter from the SEC that reaffirms points raised in the 2009 Sirri Speech and states that commentators have "mischaracterized" the 2004 rule change as having allowed CSE Brokers to increase their leverage or as having been a major contributor to the financial crisis.  The letter states that the CSE Broker "tentative net capital" levels "remained relatively stable after they began operating under the 2004 amendments, and, in some cases, increased significantly."
Childe Hassam, Emile Gruppe, Paul Strisik, Fredrick Mulhaupt, Winslow Homer and many others were early members of the NSAA.
After graduating from Baulkham Hills High School in 2005, Wright made his debut against the North Queensland Cowboys in round 20 of the 2008 NRL season. He was 18th man for Parramatta against Melbourne in the 2009 Grand Final as an injury stand-by for Nathan Cayless. Wright signed with the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks for the 2010 NRL season.
His main position was left full back and sometimes played as a central defender and central midfielder.
The second inversion took place in 1994 and also provoked a sharp response from the government. Rather than raise up an existing foreign subsidiary to become a parent, Helen of Troy, of El Paso, Texas, created a new subsidiary in Bermuda and then flipped it to become the parent. The so-called "Helen of Troy rules" followed. The Treasury Department, under the authority of Section 367 of the tax code, wrote regulations that imposed a shareholder-level tax on inversions.
The village has a population of 2,200.
Within its natural range, the natural predators of the species include mongoose, jackals, badgers, baboons and predatory birds which attack the infants. Perhaps the largest killers of this species in its natural habitat are the periodic wildfires, which can kill hundreds of thousands at a time.
The district includes all the lots along the north side of Main between Railroad and Bridge streets. On the south side, a former church building converted into apartments at 12 Main Street is not included due to those modifications. All buildings save one on the remaining lots between Main and Bridge are considered contributing properties.
Anthony Napoleon (Ph.D., 1979, graduate of International University's College of Arts and Sciences, School of Psychology) is a nationally recognized forensic psychologist Napoleon is internationally recognized as an expert on forensic profiling and the psychology of plastic surgery. Dr. Napoleon's work on the psychology of plastic surgery has been cited in peer reviewed journals and books in several languages and cultures. His training included work at the United States International University and a medical psychology fellowship in plastic surgery. He was an early developer and innovator of methods and techniques used to decipher criminal behavior and to reconstruct personality profiles based upon images, writings and contextual behavior.
Ambikapathy (also spelled as Ambikapathi) is a 1937 Indian Tamil musical period film directed by American film director Ellis R. Dungan. It starred M. K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar, M. R. Santhanalakshmi, Serugulathur Sama, T. S. Balaiya, N. S. Krishnan, T. A. Madhuram and P. G. Venkatesan. Ambikapathy is regarded as one of the greatest hits of pre-independence Tamil cinema. Ambikapathy, along with Chintamani were the greatest hits of 1937  and made critics regard him as the "first superstar of Tamil cinema". This was the first Tamil film to name a music director in its credits.
Fairgrove is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.
There has been a rapid increase in Christian video games in the last decade, however as Christian games have striven to compete with their more popular secular progenitors, there has been an increasing number of games released that blur the lines between Christian and non-Christian values. Jack Thompson, for instance, has publicly decried such Christian games as Left Behind: Eternal Forces, stating "It's absurd, ... you can be the Christians blowing away the infidels, and if that doesn't hit your hot button, you can be the Antichrist blowing away all the Christians." (The game reviewers IGN, Ars Technica and GameSpy have disagreed that "Left Behind: Eternal Forces" is overtly violent.) Similarly, James Dobson, PhD., founder of the Focus on the Family group, has advised parents in relation to video games to "avoid the violent ones altogether.
One of the most important programs of the AINA was to establish a library.  In 1955, there were over a 1,000 acquisitions.  In 1961, there were over 4,800 volumes and 476 serials. There were 7,500 volumes in 1966. Another notable program was the 1948 launch of the journal Arctic which published three issues annually until 1951, after which it became a quarterly publication.
Cass High School is a four-year public high school located in Cartersville, Georgia, United States, one of five high schools in Bartow County. It serves grades 9-12. The current principal is alumnus Michael Nelson.
Tissainayagam also won the Committee to Protect Journalists' International Press Freedom Award in 2009, but could not go to receive it due to his imprisonment.
Normania Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, United States.  As of the 2000 census, its population was 56.
On 15 June 2009 the Medical Council moved to premises in Kingram House, Kingram Place, Dublin 2. Kingram House, located just off Fitzwilliam Square, is a singularly distinctive building characterised by its odd blend of Georgian and contemporary architecture. Front-of-house, a two-story listed building, was once home to an infant school and links directly on to a modern office suite.
This place still exists near/next to Sri Sarbajanik Madhyamik Vidhyalaya (Old High School of Katuwa Chaupari). And from that place, the name "Katuwa Chaupari" was originated. At present the exact location is called "Katuwa" which is a part of "Katuwa Chaupari" itself. Katuwa Chaupari lies in Gyandi in the Kushma Municipality (not to be confused with Kusma. 
This monument has Greek honorific inscriptions, which provides information about this site. It is inscribed on the external face of the two drums of the central column of the Northeast. Skipping a couple of phrases where restoration has been doubtful, the inscription reads: 
Operational risks are the risks arising from execution of the business functions of any entity, for example an alternative investment fund, and these are distinct from its investment functions.
The deadline for prospective candidates to file to run in the election was August 6, 2008.
Positive response from critics and sales performance of Songs prompted Virgin Records to have the band work on a follow-up album. Unfortunately, by the time Light and Shade was released in 1988, Virgin Records dropped the band.
There are currently 6,293 war memorials in Canada registered with the National Inventory of Military Memorials, which is under the Canadian Department of Veterans Affairs. There are also war memorials across the world, some of which are operated by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission, which are dedicated to Canada as well as the Commonwealth members. There currently are 17 in France, six in Belgium, four in the United Kingdom, two in Afghanistan and in South Korea and one each in Egypt, Hong Kong, Italy, Malta, the Netherlands, Singapore and the United Arab Emirates.
The Library is a complete depository library with the California State Depository Library Program.
The Mai-Mai had been supporting government forces, but began fighting against them with machine guns and RPGs when the government started to retreat, stating that they were "retreating too easily". General Sikuli Lafontaine said that the soldiers "...are cowards. They just flee and then rape and pillage in the cities."
Irving had two stints working for Vincent; in the early thirties and from 1943 when he worked at Stevenage as Vincent's Chief Engineer.
Mohan Sundar as the producer then had to seek loans to pay the artists. According to the vouchers signed by the artists, Makhanlal (Ram) had received Rs 120 on 30 October 1935. Adaita Ballabha Mohanty (Laxman) was paid just Rs 35 as a conveyance fee. Actress Miss Prabhabati (Sita) received the highest among the lot, Rs 150.
In 1976, Leonard W. Miller and Benny Scott were inducted into the Black Athletes Hall of Fame at the New York Hilton in Manhattan for their achievements in motor racing.  A host of sports notables and entertainers were in attendance, including NFL star Frank Gifford, ABC Sports broadcaster Howard Cosell, legendary soul singer James Brown, boxing promoter Don King, and New York Knicks basketball player Earl "the Pearl" Monroe.  Actor Bill Cosby was the master of ceremonies.  Over 1000 patrons and icons attended the black-tie ceremony.
Mpendo is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 5,205.
One of the world's best known rose cultivars, 'Iceberg' (syn. 'Schneewittchen') was introduced by Reimer Kordes in 1958. The variety was selected as the "World Favourite Rose" of 1983. Other famous cultivars include 'Sunsprite', and 'Aprikola'.
"Mother Simpson" is one of Bill Oakley and Josh Weinstein's favorite episodes as they feel it is a perfect combination of real emotion, good jokes and an interesting story and they have expressed regret about not submitting it for the Emmy Award in the Outstanding Animated Program (For Programming less than One Hour) category. "My Mother the Carjacker" received a Writers Guild of America Award nomination in 2004 in the animation category. "Mona Leaves-a" received mixed reviews from critics. Robert Canning described it as "clunky and forced and wasn't all that funny" but still gave it a 7/10. Richard Keller called it a decent episode, but despised Mona's brief appearance.
The song was released as a single with "Ripples" as the B-side but failed to make any significant chart impact. The majority of the song was written in 1972 and was originally intended for the Foxtrot album. The song's rhythm, according to Banks, is heavily influenced by The Beatles' "Getting Better."
While members of the family varied in detail, they shared the same basic design, and parts were interchangeable between them. The design featured a typical primary glider layout with a conventional empennage carried at the end of a long boom in place of a conventional fuselage. The boom could be folded sideways for storage. The monoplane wing was carried high on a pylon above this "keel" and was further braced to it with two struts either side. The pilot sat in front of the wing, and was enclosed in a simple U-shaped wooden fairing that was removed by sliding it forward to allow him or her to enter and leave the craft. The undercarriage consisted of a single skid underneath the "keel", but this could also be fitted with small wooden wheels.
If the player must draw a card from their deck, but their deck is empty, they shuffle their discard pile to create a new deck. Some Action cards can trash cards, removing them from players' decks and into the "trash", where they are out of the game unless certain actions from the Dark Ages expansion are used to recover them.
Wiesener criticized the legal purge in the 1964 book Seierherrens justis. He had previously published Nordmenn for tysk krigsrett (1954), chronicling his time as a defender. He died in 1986.
The codex contains a small part of the Gospel of Luke 6:23-35, on one parchment leaf (32 cm by 24 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 24 lines per page, in uncial letters.
Diesel generators are employed to power the site during emergency situations. They are usually sized such that a single one can provide all the required power for a facility to shut down during an emergency.  Facilities have multiple generators for redundancy. Additionally, systems that are required to shut down the reactor have separate electrical sources (often separate generators) so that they do not affect shutdown capability.
'''Digging Up The Marrow''' (Director Adam Green showed an unfinished version of his upcoming film.)
"Confidence in the Judiciary is a delicate bloom in Africa and I am not going to risk destroying its growth in Zambia."
Part of a clan that The New York Times described as "a family of great egos", Tom Hunt was a plain-living bachelor, who worked out of a sparse office and answered his own phone. He lived in a modest townhouse in University Park, Texas and enjoyed gardening and making nut candy. He never amassed the huge personal fortune of many of his relatives.
He subsequently served as a Senator of the Republic from 1925 to 1929.
A player will start with four balls. Once a game is started a ball is placed in the launcher. The ball is launched by pressing and holding the A button, with the time held determining the power of the launch. All left flippers are controlled by the D-pad, while all right flippers are controlled by the C button. Hitting B will nudge the table, and can be used in conjunction with the D-pad to nudge in a certain direction.
Arnej was born in a small village in neighborhood of Sarajevo. His family moved to Toronto, Canada when Arnej was a child, where he still lives. He was named "Producer of the Year" by Armin van Buuren in 2008 and his tracks "Strangers We've Become" and "The Return" appeared on Armin van Buuren's A State of Trance 2008 compilation. He currently works on music with the gaming company S2 Games creating soundtracks and sound effects for the game Heroes of Newerth.
As of 2015, Chang'e 2 has reached a distance of over 100 million kilometers from Earth; potentially, it has enough fuel remaining to continue functioning up to a distance of 300 million kilometers, according to the China Aerospace Corporation. The probe is being used to further verify China's deep-space tracking and control capabilities.
The Joe A. Callaway Award for Civic Courage is presented annually by The Shafeek Nader Trust for the Community Interest. The Callaway Award "recognizes individuals who take a public stance to advance truth and justice, at some personal risk". The award was established by in 1990 by Joe Callaway to recognize "individuals in any area of endeavor who, with integrity and at some personal risk, take a public stance to advance truth and justice, and who challenged prevailing conditions in pursuit of the common good."
Choi Sang-Kook (born February 15, 1961) is a South Korea football manager and former footballer who plays as a forward. He played only for POSCO Atoms.
The Coyote Kid (voiced by Frank Welker) is a brown coyote who is an outlaw and is the main antagonist of "High Toon". He closely resembles Wile E. Coyote, not to be confused by him.
He was a chaplain to the James Stanley, 7th Earl of Derby, and was at Lathom House during its first siege. He was also "the chosen friend counsellor, and afterwards chaplain, of the noble-minded Countess, during all her troubles, and it was principally through her influence that he succeeded to the bishopric."
Fordham followed that success with two more Patriot League titles (2007 and 2014) and four more  Division I Football Championship Subdivision playoffs appearances (2007, 2013, 2014, 2015).  Each of those seasons also ended with Top-20 FCS rankings.  Despite the recent success, including wins against FBS (formerly I-A) programs Temple and Army, Fordham is still best known for  their famous "Seven Blocks of Granite."   It was a name given to the team's 1929/1930 and 1936/1937 impenetrable offensive lines.  The 1936 team was coached by "Sleepy" Jim Crowley, one of the famed "Four Horsemen" that brought Notre Dame glory during the early 1920s.  Crowley's all-Notre Dame staff included line coach Frank Leahy, who later returned to South Bend and became arguably, the greatest college head coach ever. Vince Lombardi, who later became arguably, the greatest NFL head coach ever, played on that famous line.
Public water system is a regulatory term used in the United States and Canada, referring to certain utilities and organizations providing drinking water.
Jamie Koe (born November 3, 1977 in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories) is a Canadian curler. He has played in 10 Briers, representing the Northwest Territories/Yukon team and one Brier representing just the Northwest Territories. At the 2012 Brier, he became the first skip from Canada's north to make the playoffs at the Brier since the addition of the playoffs in 1980.
Cosgrove, John. ''Gray Days and Gold: A Character Sketch of the Atlantic Mutual Insurance Co.'' New York:  Atlantic Mutual Companies, 1967.
Hesketh-Prichard was taken ill with an undetermined infection in late 1917 and was granted leave. His health remained poor for the rest of his life, and he spent much of it convalescing. It was during this period of leave that he learned that he had been awarded the Distinguished Service Order, for his work with the First Army School of Sniping, Observation, and Scouting. For his wartime work with the Portuguese Expeditionary Corps, he was appointed a Commander of the Military Order of Avis.
Max Jerry Horowitz (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is a morbidly obese 44-year-old ex-Jewish atheist who has trouble forming close bonds with other people, due to various mental and social problems. Though Mary's letter initially gives him an anxiety attack, he decides to write back to her, and the two quickly become friends (partly due to their shared love of chocolate and The Noblets). Due to Vera's disapproval of Max, Mary tells him to send his letters to her agoraphobic neighbour, Len Hislop, whose mail she collects regularly. When Mary later asks Max about love, he suffers a severe anxiety attack and is institutionalized for eight months. After his release, he is hesitant to write to Mary again for some time. On his 48th birthday, he wins the New York lottery, using his winnings to buy a lifetime supply of chocolate and an entire collection of Noblet figurines. He gives the rest of his money to his elderly neighbour Ivy, who uses most of it to pamper herself before dying in an accident with a malfunctioning jet pack. Meanwhile, Mary becomes despondent, thinking Max has abandoned her.
The summit of Crum Hill is located in the town of Monroe, Franklin County; the west side of the mountain is located in the town of Florida, part of Berkshire County. The north and east sides of Crum Hill drain into Dunbar Brook, thence into the Deerfield River, the Connecticut River, and Long Island Sound; the west side drains into the Cold River, thence into the Deerfield River; and the south side drains into the Deerfield River via several small brooks.
SANs in Media and Entertainment are often referred to as Serverless SANs due to the nature of the configuration which places the video workflow (ingest, editing, playout) clients directly on the SAN rather than attaching to servers. Control of data flow is managed by a distributed file system such as StorNext by Quantum.
The stadium is used by Fredensborg BI and Fredensborg Atletik Forening og Pedalatleterne, the Fredensborg Athletes' and Cyclists Society. It holds 2,000 spectators, 100 of which are provided with seats. As of late 2008, the maximum number of spectators at one match has been 1,516 people.
Following terms as Winnipeg alderman since 1892, Jameson was elected the city's Mayor for 1896.
Longworth has appeared as a lead vocalist with rock band Heroes of She.
All songs are composed and written by Lewis Taylor.
constituents. Any programming tools that can reduce the overhead of
By the time the extensive Morse family genealogies were published in the late nineteenth century, during an explosion of interest by New Englanders in their ancestry, Leavitt was 67 years old and had authored or contributed to the history of many New England families. Leavitt frequently wrote her deep-pocketed employers from the confines of the New England Historic Genealogical Society, the nation's oldest, and the stationery on which she sent out her status reports bore the estimable Society's letterhead.
McDowell married Mary McClung on January 17, 1754. They had seven sons and four daughters. Sons Joseph, Samuel, Jr. both served in the Revolutionary War. Joseph also served in the War of 1812, as did the eldest son, John. Samuel, Jr. was also the first United States Marshal in Kentucky. The most famous of McDowell's sons was Dr. Ephraim McDowell, who performed the first ovariotomy. Ephraim McDowell later married the daughter of Isaac Shelby, his father's former commanding officer.
In 1860, the church was gutted and the roof destroyed in a fire. After the fire it was determined that the vestibule and the four walls that remained standing were structurally sound and that it would be safe to rebuild upon them. The reconstruction plans, implemented in 1860, called for several alterations which transformed the church into a Gothic Revival structure. The chancel was recessed and three lancet windows, the central opening being taller and broader than the others, were added over the altars. Two narrow lancet windows, designed to light the choir loft, were added in the facade, as well as one in the bell tower. The original rectangular openings were replaced by paired lancets, surmounted by a quatrefoil in a circle. All the windows were filled with stained glass and decorated with wooden tracery, with stone sills below and a keystone above.
The procedural format is popular around the world. In 2011, the director of a TV consultancy said, "The continuing trend is for procedurals because they use a predictable structure." Due to their stand-alone episodic nature, they are more accessible to new viewers than serials. Self-contained episodes also make it easier for viewers to return to a show if they have missed some episodes. In general, procedural dramas can usually be re-run with little concern for episode order.
Milton supported a republican form of government. In 1649, Milton wrote The Tenure of Kings and Magistrates expressing his support of a republican form of government. English republicanism grew during the English Civil War after the royalist forces were defeated at Worcester during September 1651. When the Rump Parliament was removed and Oliver Cromwell became the Protector in December 1653, Milton, and other republicans, believed that the Commonwealth was not following the proper governmental path. The republicans no longer felt obliged to criticise the Stuart monarchy after it had fallen. Instead, they tried to convince the new government, under Cromwell, to adopt republican principles.
Lieberman has been awarded a series of Fulbright Lectureships. The first in 1989 was to lecture at the Academy of Performing Arts and Film in Bratislava. In 2002 he was a resident lecturer with the Mowel Film Fund in Manila. As a Senior Specialist with the Fulbright Program he went to Burma to work with young film directors in the country and he recently returned from a specialist position in Cambodia where he was also shooting a new film.
'''''Still Raining, Still Dreaming''''' (New World 80662-2, 2008) includes: ''Still Raining Still Dreaming'', ''Echoi'', ''Sppooo'', ''Tesserae'', ''Catena''.
On important decisions that require each of the Paralympic Sports to vote, the representatives from British Athletes Council from the Paralympic Sports will be asked to vote by email, post or telephone.
Yoshio Furukawa was born in Osaka on July 5, 1934. He was part of the Japan national team for the 1956 Summer Olympics football competition in Melbourne.
Early/Lower Barstovian: Upper boundary source: base of Clarendonian (approximate).
In 2002, when the word "deflation" began appearing in the business news, Bernanke, then a governor on the Board of the Federal Reserve, gave a speech about deflation entitled "Deflation: Making Sure "It" Doesn't Happen Here." In that speech, he assessed the causes and effects of deflation in the modern economy.  Bernanke states: 
The church was formed in Kollavarsham 1085 (A.D 1909) with 27 family members who moved out of the St Mary's Orthodox church due to their strong support to the church reformation movement. This church is situated in the 7th ward of Kallooppara Panchayath. For more details: http://kalloopparastthomasmarthomachurch.org/church_members.php
Puzhuthana is 74 km by road from Kozhikode railway station and this road includes nine hairpin bends. The nearest major airport is at Calicut. The road to the east connects to Mysore and Bangalore. Night journey is allowed on this sector as it goes through Bandipur national forest. The nearest railway station is Mysore.  There are airports at Bangalore and Calicut.
Rogers's son-in-law, Patrick L. Touhy, inherited his holdings, subdivided some of the land, and began developing it in the 1870s. In 1878 a village was incorporated and named Rogers Park after Rogers. Following annexation by the City of Chicago in 1893, the neighborhood continued to be called Rogers Park.
Several notable cities dot Lenfell's landscape.  There is the capital, Ryka Court, where the Council meets.
Talut is also mentioned in the Hadith literature thus: "Narrated Al-Bara: The companions of (the Prophet) Muhammad who took part in Badr, told me that their number was that of Saul's (i.e. Talut's) companions who crossed the river (of Jordan) with him and they were over three-hundred-and-ten men. By Allah, none crossed the river with him but a believer."
When All the Pieces Fit is the tenth studio release by Peter Frampton and the follow-up to his Premonition album from 1986.
Herd behaviours shown in the two examples exemplify that it can be a powerful tool in social marketing, and if harnessed correctly, has the potential to achieve great change. It is clear that opinion leaders and their influence achieve huge reach amongst their reference groups and thusly can be used as the loudest voices to encourage others in any collective direction.
After a tryout at the Theatre Royal in Plymouth in July 2007, the musical opened in the West End at the New London Theatre on 19 November 2008, following previews from 4 November 2008.  It closed on 20 December 2008.  Directed by Timothy Sheader, with choreography by Liam Steel, the cast featured Peter Polycarpou and Leila Benn Harris.
He was born in Pirna-Copitz.
The shells of Physella species have a long and large aperture, a pointed spire, and no operculum. The shells are thin and corneous and rather transparent.
District officials applied for the federal Race to the Top grant which would have provided over one million dollars in additional federal funding to improve student academic achievement. Participation required the administration, the school board and the local teachers' union to sign an agreement to prioritize improving student academic success. In Pennsylvania, 120 public school districts and 56 charter schools agreed to participate. Pennsylvania was not approved for the grant. The failure of districts to agree to participate was cited  as one reason that Pennsylvania was not approved.
The 57 Division is a newly formed infantry division of the Sri Lanka Army. A principal offensive division it is currently deployed for combat operations in the Wanni region.
The rationale of the split-single two-stroke is that, compared to a standard two-stroke single, it can give better exhaust scavenging while minimising the loss of unburnt fresh fuel/air charge through the exhaust port.  As a consequence, a split-single engine can deliver better economy, and may run better at small throttle openings.
''Star Wars'' Weekends was a festival held annually at the Disney's Hollywood Studios theme park of the Walt Disney World Resort. Included with park admission, the event typically occurred on Friday, Saturday and Sunday for four consecutive weekends in May and June and featured appearances by cast and crew members from Disney's Star Wars franchise created by George Lucas. Many original Disney characters also appeared dressed as Star Wars characters, such as Jedi Mickey, Minnie as Leia, Donald as a stormtrooper, Goofy as Darth Vader and R2-MK (Mickey Mouse stylized astromech droid).  The festival began in 1997 and had been held in 2000, 2001, and annually from 2003 until 2015. In November 2015, Disney discontinued the event due to construction of a Star Wars themed-land and the larger daily presence Star Wars will have in the park onwards.
Appendix 1: ''Harping by Firelight'' (page 37) details a local custom in the Moonshaes of how anyone setting a campfire in the wilderness is duty bound to share their campsite with any approaching traveler.
Increases in size and speed allowed vessels to fish in more distant waters. Advances include double trawls, the Puretic power blocks for retrieving seine nets, refrigerated holds, durable synthetic fibres for lines and nets, GPS to navigate and locate fishing grounds, fishfinders for the location of fish, and spotter planes to locate fish schools.
On the two doors is written the name of God, Allah, and the names of 25 prophets: Muhammad, Jesus, John, Zacharia, Luqman, Jonah, Elisha, Shu'aib, Moses, Aaron, David, Solomon, Elijah, Job, Joseph, Jacob, Isaac, Ishmael, Lot, Adam, Idris, Noah, Hud, Salih, and Abraham.
The Allmusic review by David R. Adler states "the Tiny Bell Trio produces a remarkably full sound despite its sparse instrumentation... Douglas's goal here is to absorb musical influences from the Balkans and Europe... As an early glimpse of Douglas's unconventional brilliance, this one is well worth checking out". The album was identified by Chris Kelsey in his Allmusic essay "Free Jazz: A Subjective History" as one of the 20 Essential Free Jazz Albums.
It should not be confused with the nearby Tibbetts Point Light, an active lighthouse also in Cape Vincent.
It also featured Filipino actors, Chiquito, Vic Diaz, and Eddie Garcia.
After Metro Gold went off-air, it signed a contract with STAR Plus, India's number 1 channel and sold off all of their shows to the channel. STAR Plus bought Nine Gold's entire library of programmes after signing the deal, and all of the programmes were re-aired on STAR Plus from the beginning. Besides, all of Metro Gold's programmes now belong to (are claimed by) STAR Plus and known as theirs rather than DD Metro's, though they were aired on DD Metro channel. The reason was that HFCL - Nine Gold paid DD Metro 1.21 million rupees for the three hours of air-time on DD Metro and they had full claim and the right to sell their programmes to anyone, and when they signed a deal with STAR Plus, DD Metro had no say in it.
When Rep. Dykema was first elected, the Eighth Middlesex comprised the towns of Holliston and Hopkinton and precincts in Medway (Norfolk County), Southborough, and Westborough.
Both before and after independence, Diergaardt founded several local political parties, among them the Federal Convention of Namibia. He represented this party as a member of the Constituent Assembly of Namibia, convened to draft the constitution for the new nation of Namibia.
Mladenovic moved on to the Asian swing, starting at the Korea Open.  Seeded no. 4, Mladenovic had a surprise loss against Sara Sorribes Tormo, the 139th player in the world. Next, at the Wuhan Open, Mladenovic faced world no. 1 Angelique Kerber in the second round. Kerber won the match, although Mladenovic captured the first set. In doubles, Mladenovic partnered with Garcia again, and the team was seeded no. 1. Despite this, the Frenchwomen lost their opening match against Christina McHale and Peng Shuai. In Beijing, Mladenovic defeated former number 1 Jelena Jankovic in the first round, before coming across 8th seed Madison Keys. Keys won in straight sets. In doubles, Mladenovic and Garcia, once again no. 1 seed, made their way to the final, in which they faced Bethanie Mattek-Sands and Lucie Safarova, in a rematch of the US Open final a few weeks earlier. Mattek-Sands and Safarova would win, 4-6, 4-6.
As of 2001 India census, Kunagalli had a population of 5015 with 2538 males and 2477 females.
Quinn also published thirteen detective fiction novels with New English Library, Robert Hale, and Ed McBain.  He also wrote a flying training manual titled Ready For Take-Off.
The UN said its aid workers would resume movement, having received assurances from Israel that they were not being targeted.
Benjamin Thomas Jr. (born July 2, 1961 in Ashburn, Georgia) is a former defensive lineman in the National Football League who played for the Green Bay Packers, the New England Patriots, the Pittsburgh Steelers, the Atlanta Falcons and the Los Angeles Rams.  Thomas played collegiate ball for Auburn University before being drafted by the New England Patriots in the 2nd round of the 1985 NFL Draft.  He played professionally in the NFL for 5 seasons and retired in 1991.
In December 2007, the store experienced one of the largest jewelery hold ups to take place in Malta with over Eur 55,000 in diamonds stolen. Three days later the robber was arrested and arraigned in court, although the diamonds were never recovered.
His wife Rita and one son Winston predeceased him and he was survived by his son John Barrie (d.2007).
they reached and won the final against the league leaders RC Lescure-Arthes XIII 20-18 to lift the title, but after careful consideration the club decided to stay in the second tier.
Many clauses are omitted by the error of homeoteleuton (clauses with similar endings).
Tolson's Chapel is a historic African American church located at Sharpsburg, Washington County, Maryland, United States. It was built in 1866 and served as a church and a Freedmen's Bureau school for black residents of Sharpsburg in the years following the American Civil War.
Patrick Kidd, who attended Colchester Royal Grammar School, is a journalist and blogger specialising in sport generally, and cricket and rowing in particular.  He is currently the diary editor, and was previously a sports writer, for The Times, where he has been working since 2001, and whose website hosts his Line and Length, "A very English cricket blog".  He also appears frequently in Wisden Cricketers' Almanack and The Wisden Cricketer, and is a regular radio and television pundit.  His first book, Best of Enemies: Whingeing Poms Versus Arrogant Aussies, was released in early 2009. A second book, The Worst of Rugby, was published later that year.
In 2000, Lux founded American Family Voices, an organization that encourages grassroots involvement on middle-class issues. AFV and Lux have received media attention due to their ad campaigns. American news magazine National Review wrote that "American Family Voices has a talented leader, rich supporters, and some important friends in the press. That's more than enough to keep making trouble for George W. Bush."
The episode was directed by Ronald D. Moore, his directorial debut.
In the first season of Division II, the team again won its regional tournament to advance to the Division II Championship.  There, the program defeated New Orleans to win its second consecutive national championship.  Following the 1974 season, Gary Adams left UC Irvine to become the head coach at UCLA.
Gold ETFs are also operating in India from March 2007. Alarmed by the excessive gold imports by Indians despite the public holdings of gold is in excess of 30,000 metric tons, Indian Government introduced a new Gold Deposit Scheme with attractive benefits to the gold depositors in the year 2015 to recycle the available idling gold in the country for meeting internally the entire fresh ornamental gold demand. Government of India has nearly 550 tons of gold reserves which would help in kick starting the scheme.
In 1992 he exhibited at the Museum of the State of Pernambuco.
3. High pressure compression
A treaty of friendly relations and cooperation was signed in February 1994 during the visit of the then Mongolian president Punsalmaagiin Ochirbat, to India.
Priya Sharma, played by Effie Woods, made her first screen appearance on 14 September 2009. The character departed in 2010, but returned the following year with Fiona Wade in the role. Priya is the younger sister of Jai (Chris Bisson) and Nikhil Sharma (Rik Makarem). She is a pretty, confident and outspoken woman. Priya has embarked on a casual fling with Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) and a relationship with David Metcalfe (Matthew Wolfenden) during her time in the village.
Within the Berklee College of Music Guitar Department, there is a constant circulation of Leavitt's unpublished material for students, ranging from chord solos to arrangements that include over five guitar parts.
The system, the oldest in the UAE, began in 1963 when a library was built in the Al-Ras area. Four branches opened in Hor Al-Anz, Al-Rashdiyah, Al-Safa, and Um-Al-Saqeem in 1989. Hatta Library opened in 1998 and Al Towar Public Library opened in the summer of 2007. The Al Towar library cost more than 10 million UAE dirhams.
The NXDN protocol provides support for the following functions.  Implementation of the functions and the user-level interfaces by which they are accessed and used may vary by manufacturer.
Burmese horses are somewhat smaller than the Chinese breed, but they are more adept at jumping.  Attempts were made during the British Raj to breed Burmese horses with Arabian stock, hoping to develop an "Indo-Burman" horse breed which might be better suited to the varying conditions of the Indian subcontinent.
''Nothing on the clock but Smiths'' - Fuel and other such dials down to zero leaving only the instrument makers name.
Its motto is "Abeunt Studia in Mores" which translates literally as "studies become habits" or "practices zealously pursued pass into habits". It can be taken to mean "Studies build one's character".
Siskowic was also a member of the Minnesota Vikings and Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
The Fal have large, soft, pulpy bodies that change from light tan at birth to jet black at the end of life. At the fore end of their bodies, they have a pair of small sensory antennae, bulbous eyes, a massive mouth filled with sharp teeth ideal for burrowing, and a smaller mouth above it, used for speech.
The discography of American rock band Adema consists of four studio albums, three extended plays, eleven singles and seven music videos.
Schalotomis is a genus of arctiine tussock moths in the Erebidae family. The genus contains only one species, Schalotomis roseothorax, which is found in Peru.
Kowalski and Thorton : Performance of maximum parsimony and likelihood phylogenies when evolution is hetrogeneous - Nature 431  (2004).
Market halt from 23:59:30 to 00:00:00 hrs (for 30 seconds) for all day during which order entry and modifications are not allowed.
From December 1975 to June 1976, he served as the Minister for Transport, Excise and Jails in the Kerala Cabinet.
Surface Science Reports is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by North-Holland that covers the physics and chemistry of surfaces. It was established in 1981. It is the review journal corresponding to the journals Surface Science and Surface Science Letters.
Swamiji followed the Vishishtadvaita school of thoughts. Non violence to any living being, including insects is a central tenet. The Bhagvatam is referred to most frequently, compared to other ancient Indian texts.
College football instant replay was started by the Big Ten Conference in the 2004 season because of what happened in the 2001 Michigan vs. Michigan State football game, when reviews were used experimentally in the Big Ten Conference only. In the 2005 season, all conferences were allowed to use instant replay. Among Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (see Division I-A) conferences, the Atlantic Coast Conference, Big East, Big Ten, Big 12, Conference USA, MAC, Mountain West Conference, Pac-10, and SEC used replay in 2005. The Sun Belt and Western Athletic did not.
The Royle Family is a popular, BAFTA award-winning television sitcom produced by Granada Television for the BBC, which ran for three series between 1998 and 2000, with special episodes in 2006, 2008, 2009, 2010 and 2012. Two sketches for Children in Need (2008) and Comic Relief (2009) have also been aired.
Operates under one legal entity, such as a partnership or a proprietorship.
In club competition, Peterson's Penylan scored the league and cup double in 1952, beating Splott US in the Welsh Baseball Union (WBU) Cup Final by 79 runs, and there were further successes in both premier competitions through the late 1950s and into the '60s. Indeed, in 1961, '62 and '63 Penylan won the treble of league title, WBU Cup and Welsh National Baseball League (WNBL) Cup.
It was Fitzgerald's only title of the year and the 11th of his career. It was Fitzgerald's 2nd title of the year and the 24th of his career.
McCarthy first tasted success at club level as a member of the Sarsfield's minor team. He won a championship medal in this grade in 2007 as Sars recorded a 2-15 to 1-8 defeat of Midleton.
Each year, the choir appears at the Chichester Festival Theatre at Christmas where they sing Christmas concerts alongside local school choirs, including the Bishop Luffa School Choir, and are accompanied by the Band of HM Royal Marines, Portsmouth. They sing a variety of carols and are directed by the organist and master of the choristers. They have been considered the highlight of the show for years. The choristers return to the Prebendal School in the interval and Close Company perform.
Shore spent her last years in poverty. She had to sell her Weston photographs to survive and became increasingly depressed. Sometime in the late 1950s her neighbors had her institutionalized. Her very dear friend Jehanne Bietry Salinger said about the matter, "some so-called 'do-gooders' went to her studio, found it disorganized, and had Henrietta committed to an asylum. If I had been in Carmel, I would never have permitted it, since she was in no way insane. I still can not think about this without being heartbroken."  Shore died at the age of 83 in a mental institution in San Jose, California in 1963.
Marill, Alvin H. Movies made for Television. 1980. Arlington House
The lack of financial resources, building materials and construction machinery meant that an architecturally complex solution could be ruled out from the beginning. Therefore, it was decided the re-use of the intact foundations and the basement. On this basis, a floor plan was created with a massive central block and two lower wings in lightweight construction, which could be later expanded on one level or replaced by multi-storey buildings. It was designed and built by the railway administration and the architect Walter Lay.
African leaders began a series of peace talks between the warring factions following a request by the United Nations Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali for them to intervene in the humanitarian crisis. Talks were initiated under the aegis of former Tanzanian President Julius Nyerere in 1995; following his death, South African President Nelson Mandela took the helm. As the talks progressed, South African President Thabo Mbeki and United States President Bill Clinton also lent their respective weight.
MacIntyre released many albums before becoming a finalist of American Idol. He produced his first CD when he was eleven, and he has recorded five more CDs since then. The first three CDs were classical. The fourth was a Christian pop-rock CD titled "My Guarantee". The fifth CD was recorded with his family. In 2000, at the age of 15, he made his orchestral debut as he performed with the Phoenix Symphony as a guest piano soloist. In 2002 he competed in, and won, the Butterfield Young Artist Competition at ASU. He won the VSA Arts 2008 Young Soloists Award. Scott MacIntyre also plays guitar, drums, percussion, and bass on all of his brother Todd's songs. He released a post-Idol Christmas EP "Christmas Angel" to iTunes in 2009.
Dennis died at the age of twenty-four.
in baggy trousers made from blanket material, a shirt buttoned down the front, an apron of ticking and a straw hat.
Nam Nguyen, Rich Caruana. Consensus Clusterings. Seventh IEEE International Conference on Data Mining.
In 2015, disciplinary charges were announced against 19 officers at the 40th Precinct station house in the Bronx, after these officers failed to process crime complaints properly. During an audit of a four-month period in 2014, fifty-five instances of alleged discrepancies were discovered between radio call response activities and complaint reports that led to a deliberate misreporting of crimes. After the discrepancies were corrected, it was discovered that crimes actually increased in the precinct from what had been previously reported for 2014.
The format of the Challenge changes as technological improvements make the tasks more achievable. In 2011 it changed to a search and rescue challenge. No teams successfully completed the challenge until 2014 when several teams were successful. In 2016 the open challenge will change to an automated medical retrieval task.
While the show was aired on a daily basis rather than once a week, all elements of the Survivor franchise were otherwise present. The show uses the theme music for the British version composed by Russ Landau, who made the Ancient Voices series of theme scores for the American version. It has further been re-arranged and added with tribal and ethnic flavors by local Filipino composer Diwa de Leon and chant vocals were performed by Evan Britanico.
Breton Dance is a group of traditional dance forms originating in Brittany, the Celtic region of France.
The General Post Office was recognised for its heritage value by interim listing on the Western Australian Register of Heritage Places on 22 June 1992; it received a permanent entry on the Register on 16 October 1992.
The school has a house system with the aim of developing a competitive spirit in students.  The students are divided into four houses:
Statistics of Japanese Regional Leagues in the 1976 season.
The Berrys sold their house in Wiscasset following World War II. They bought a home in Rockport, Maine, as well as an old three-story brick building on Main Street (just a short walk from their home), which served as Berry's studio for the rest of his life. It was there, equipped with a 19th-Century printing press, that Berry perfected his printmaking skills, in the process of which he made use of wood engraving, woodcut and linoleum block.
In 2010, Glantz co-directed with Randy Weiner "The Most Interesting Show In The World", a touring variety show starring Andrew W.K. and featuring acts including escape artist David Merlini, contortionists from the Dream World Cirque, and visual innovator Bubble Boy.  He also began performing a solo show, "Being Impossible", with notable shows at Whartscape, Dixon Place in New York City, and Foo Fest.
Aug. 15th, 1984- Construction of Chaoyang campus (the campus currently in use) broke earth.
Lai is also the brand Ambassador for beverage brand Pokka (where her husband is CEO), Lion Kirei Kirei, Samsung Home Appliances, 3M Scotch Brite, Osim etc. (Need confirmation)
Koch, Stephen (1994). ''Double Lives: Spies and Writers in the Secret Soviet War of Ideas against the West''. ISBN 0-02-918730-3
Heitman, F. B., ''Officers of the Continental Army: War of the Revolution'', Washington DC 1893
The village has a population of 180.
The gold embroidery is affixed using couching techniques, minimalizing waste. The gold thread is attached in sections, then couched with a different, less expensive, thread at turns. This ensures that none of the gold thread is used in a non-visible area.
In the first chapter of his 1930 book The Genetical Theory of Natural Selection Ronald Fisher demonstrates that Mendelian inheritance shows that natural selection and not mutations drive evolution, and that it firmly discounted blending inheritance, thus paving the way for the Modern evolutionary synthesis.
Today, acoustic releases are widely used in oceanography and offshore work alike.  Applications are varied and range from individual instrument recovery, to salvage operations.  More recent technological advances have resulted in the introduction of smaller devices that are now deployed in large numbers.  For example, the Pfleger Institute of Environmental Research has deployed an array of 96 acoustic receivers for the monitoring of fish migrations in California's Channel Islands, with acoustic releases used to recover receivers beyond diver depth in regular intervals for data download and service.
1Note that forms like duk (3rd pers-have-2nd per (male)) are the verbal part whereas Erromintxela tuk is a pronoun.
The Dhananjayans left Kalakshetra in the late 1960s to build a career on their own. During that time, only the wealthy and aristocrats who could spend to have their own children perform, dominated the dance scene in Chennai. However, the calibre of the Dhananjayans was such that they stole the thunder with their novel ideas that they brought to their presentations through a unique repertoire that they developed. The vitality of dance, their costumes, the attraction of merging of the male and female dance principles in specially conceived duets were all part of the charisma of their performances. They started to receive invitations from both within the country and from abroad. They have travelled all over the world to major cultural centres to present their art.
In 2005, saxophonist Nelson Rangell covered the song on his release My American Songbook, Vol. 1.
Edison was the 206th overall pick in the 2009 NFL Draft. In 2010 the Tennessee Titans released Edison.
In early 1997, the company began the development of the brows able SalesPage Product Suite.  Over the next several years, the Product Suite and solutions were refined through a series of pilot projects and enhancements prior to official release in April 2000.
KV29 is located in the south-west wadi of the valley. It was first noted by James Burton. This tomb has never been excavated and remains inaccessible, it is possible that it consist only of a shaft. Nothing is known of its owner (if it was ever used), its content (if any), or the date of its construction.
WWO Ranger programs include the Orphan Rangers, which has been likened to a Peace Corps for orphanages, Global Arts Rangers, which brings in-country and US artists to provide workshops, teacher training, and integrated arts curricula, and Service Rangers, through which families and teens can work at an orphanage to complete a project identified by the orphanage itself. 
IM bot is a chatterbot program that uses instant messaging as an application interface. IM users can add the name of the IM bot to their buddy list. Because the bot uses artificial intelligence, the end user thinks that he is talking to a real person and can forget that he is actually just querying a database. Enterprise-class instant messaging systems are incorporating IM bots to provide a convenient way for employees to look up information. Some IM bots are able to connect to outside databases and provide the user with news, weather reports, driving directions, movie times, stock quotes, and other information. IM bots are also called interactive agents.
The school won the fourth place on the basketball tournament.
Venom were watching and it was up to the boys to work out who was playing Double Jeopardy because Imani and Tahny were ill. Harry didn't want to do it because of heights and he did the last challenge twice. Asad also didn't want to do it because of how hard he went in the last challenge but was persuaded by the others to do it for the team.
In 2005 the Australian Securities and Investments Commission issued a warning against BBY for allegedly failing to manage conflicts of interest for publishing positive research about a corporate client it was advising.  ASIC imposed special conditions on BBY's financial services licence.
The EVF allows additional flexibility is in information and situational awareness.  The user may select various overlays so that more than 20 pieces of additional information are available at a glance to the user without removing the eye from the electronic viewfinder. For example, flash setting, optical image stabilization mode (there are 3), drive mode (single, burst, bracket, timer), image aspect ratio, image quality (RAW, JPEG or both), exposure indicator, ISO speed, shutter speed, aperture, record mode, white balance, composition grid lines and exposure histogram are just some of the available pieces of information in the EVF, all without ever having to move the eye from the viewfinder.
Although he argued in 1961 in favour of discrimination in favour of unionists in employment, Babington became known as a moderate within the UUP. He supported the principle of full and equal voting rights during his 1969 campaign and advocated the expulsion of any party member who refused to follow the edicts of the British government fully. He was a staunch critic of any Unionist involvement in political violence and a vocal opponent of Ulster nationalism. The collapse of the Parliament was the effective end of Babington's career in politics and he left the Orange Order in 1973.
Mykolas is a Lithuanian male given name derived from Michael. People with the name include:
The decree was published in the Vatican newspaper L'Osservatore Romano on July 16, 1949. A commentary followed on July 27, 1949, explaining reasons for its condemnation of Communist activity and doctrine. It also made clear the scope of the excommunication stated in the decree: it did not apply to all people who voted for Communists or supported the party, but only to people who held the materialistic and atheistic doctrines of Communism.
The IJN's faulty anti-submarine doctrine also contributed to Japan's shipping losses. The Navy had placed a low priority on protecting merchant shipping from submarine attack before and during the early years of the war and convoys were not routinely assembled until 1943. The Grand Escort Headquarters was formed in late 1943 to coordinate convoys and implement a standard doctrine. The Escort-of-Convoy headquarters was also established in April 1944 to provide a pool of senior commanders who were available to command convoys, though none had any experience with convoy operations or anti-submarine warfare.
Alistair Duncan Grassie, General Medical Practitioner, Isle of Arran. For services to Health Care. (Isle of Arran, Ayrshire and Arran)
The Black Death touched every aspect of life, hastening a process of social, economic, and cultural transformation already underway.... Fields were abandoned, workplaces stood idle, international trade was suspended.  Traditional bonds of kinship, village and even religion were broken and the horrors of death, flight, and failed expectations. "People cared no more for dead men that we care for dead goats," wrote one survivor.
in Museum of Fine Art, Volgodonsk, Russia and in the private collections of Gina Lollobrigida, Ernst Fuchs (artist) and Ian Gillan.
It was Fleming's 7th title of the year and the 39th of his career. It was McEnroe's 16th title of the year and the 72nd of his career.
It preserves arthropods and worms familiar from the Burgess Shale.
The Book of Common Prayer requires the minister of Holy Communion to forbid access to "an open and notorious evil liver", until he publicly declare his repentance and amend his life.
The Timbers have sold out every home game to date, with over 65 consecutive sellouts as of October 2014. The Timbers cap season-ticket sales at 15,300, and have a wait list of 10,000 season tickets; this is the largest in MLS, and larger than almost every college football team.
"You Showed Me" is a song written by Jim McGuinn and Gene Clark of The Byrds in 1964.  It was recorded by The Turtles and released as a single at the end of 1968, becoming the group's last big hit in the U.S.  The song has also been covered by a number of other bands and artists over the years, including The Lightning Seeds, Salt-n-Pepa, and Lutricia McNeal.  Like many of the songs that Gene Clark had a hand in writing during the 1960s, "You Showed Me" contains a mix of major and minor chords, arranged in unexpected progressions.  Lyrically, the song recounts the tale of a lover who is being tutored in the ways of love by a more experienced partner.
Prior to the institution of the National Hockey League All-Star Game the league held three different benefit games featuring teams of all-stars.  The first was the Ace Bailey Benefit Game, held in 1934, after a violent collision with Eddie Shore of the Boston Bruins left Ace Bailey of the Toronto Maple Leafs hospitalized and unable to continue his playing career.  In 1937 the Howie Morenz Memorial Game was held to raise money for the family of Howie Morenz of the Montreal Canadiens who died from complications after being admitted to the hospital for a broken leg.  The Babe Siebert Memorial Game was held in 1939 to raise funds for the family of the Canadiens' Babe Siebert who drowned shortly after he retired from playing.
Doumea thysi is a species of loach catfish found in Nigeria where it is found in the Cross River and Cameroon where it is found in the Cross River and Ndian.  It reaches a length of 6.5 cm.
The company asserts it is "a senior hands on, caring and committed group that offers experience, discipline and leadership with a working style that is collaborative, efficient and effective".
Costa Ricans are colloquially called "ticos" (based on the frequent use of the diminutive ending -ico following a /t/, as in momentico), and thus colloquial expressions characteristic of Costa Rica are called tiquismos. Tiquismos and pachuquismos are used frequently in Costa Rica. The latter are expressions of popular street Spanish which can be considered vulgar and offensive if used in the wrong context. Many of these words, even when found in a standard Spanish dictionary, do not have the same meaning there as in Costa Rica. Learning colloquial expressions can be a guide to understanding the humor and character of the Costa Rican culture.
Back taxes is a term for taxes that were not paid when due. They are typically taxes that are owed from a prior year.
2002 - The company was listed in JASDAQ.
A film unit goes for a shoot in a forest, but breaks down deep in the jungle. Resulting in a four-day delay, the 9-member cast and crew of a Bollywood movie, including leading lady Aasha, and her egoistic co-star, Sharman Kapoor; decide to relax and take an outing with their guide, Setu. They end up at a picturesque spot and decide to spend the night there - not realizing they will soon be stalked and brutally killed by a seemingly invincible, unseen and unknown beast and/or an extraterrestrial entity.
Momophana is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
Thyriodes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
The track became a fan favourite and, according to a poll made on Mylene.net, most fans wanted this song as the third single instead of "Si j'avais au moins..."
Basically the story is freely based on the so-called 'Tallinn-episode' of the Polish submarine 'Orzel', which in Sep. 1939 entered the harbour of then still neutral Estonia to leave her commanding officer with symptoms of illness. The Estonian authorities tried to intern the sub under the pressure from the Nazi-Germany, but the 'Orzel' escaped.
via the CLC, 2tph (semi-)fast to MCO and MAN, 2tph stopping to MCO.
Saint Luke Institute (SLI) is a private, licensed mental health education and treatment facility headquartered in Silver Spring, Maryland. The institute primarily serves Roman Catholic priests and religious women and men through integrated psychological and spiritual evaluations, residential care, continuing care and outpatient therapy. Education in support of healthy life and ministry for those in the Catholic Church is offered online and in-person through SLIconnect. Individuals come to Saint Luke for treatment for a variety of reasons, including depression, addictions, anxiety, boundary issues and other mental and spiritual health needs. Saint Luke Center in Louisville, KY, offers education, candidate assessments and individual and group therapy.
During his retirement, Williams lived at Burwood House near Weybridge, Surrey and was promoted to admiral and advanced to a Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath. He held the post of Commander-in-Chief, Portsmouth from 1833 to 1836 and died in October 1841.
The Pyxicephalidae are a family of frogs found in sub-Saharan Africa.
Madame de St. Irvyne, Eloise's mother
For the WEOG seats Germany, along with Canada, and Portugal, stood for election. India ran uncontested for the Asian seat since Kazakhstan stood aside. South Africa also ran uncontested for the African seat after being endorsed by the African Union. After dropping out to Brazil in the 2009 election, Colombia also ran unopposed.
In August 1934, still only 25, he moved from one of the top clubs in the country, to Altrincham, who were then playing in the Cheshire County League. Also playing in the Cheshire league were the reserve outfit of his former team, Port Vale.
The Golden Filter performed at the SXSW Music Festival at least seven times in March 2009, and toured North America with The Presets between March 30 and April 20, 2009, performing on sixteen dates altogether. They have also done two short UK tours and a European festival tour in 2010.
Starfish Greathearts Foundation UK is a member of the UK Consortium on AIDS and International Development as well as the Fundraising Standards Board, a self-regulatory scheme to ensure best practice in fundraising.
Xavier Bettel (born 3 March 1973) is a Luxembourgish politician and lawyer, serving as Prime Minister of Luxembourg since 4 December 2013 after succeeding Jean-Claude Juncker. He has previously served as Mayor of Luxembourg City, member of the Chamber of Deputies and member of the Luxembourg City communal council. Bettel is a member of the Democratic Party.
The 2009 Saitama Seibu Lions season features the Lions quest to win back-to-back Japan Series titles.
Coates was recommissioned 7 February 1951, and reported to her homeport, Norfolk, Virginia on 18 March. After coastwise operations and training, she sailed 9 July from Norfolk to Liverpool, Nova Scotia, on hunter-killer exercises, returning 27 July. Training in Cuban waters and local operations preceded assignment as training ship for Fleet Sonar School, Key West in the spring of 1952.
Chilakamarti wrote original novels as well as translated English novels. His novels mainly consisted of either social themes or epic themes.
Fok works as the following positions of the following companies.
In May 2000, Wexner installed Sharen Jester Turney, previously of Neiman Marcus Direct, as the new chief executive of Victoria's Secret Direct to turn around catalog sales that were lagging behind other divisions. Forbes reported Turney articulating, as she flipped through a Victoria's Secret catalog, "We need to quit focusing on all that cleavage."
The song could be heard during NCAA College Basketball games televised on ESPN during the 2008-2009 season. It is also used by the Erie Otters during their pregame highlight video.
Following is a list of four editions in hardback, eight in paperback, and nine audio books, published in the UK and the US in English. A Kindle edition is also available, issued in July 2013, ISBN B00DUPVR7C, Publisher Velmon Books.
In these historic neighborhoods, GVSHP seeks both to protect historic resources and to monitor new development via an array of advocacy and outreach efforts, involvement in governmental process and public discourse, and educational programs for adults and children. Its work toward securing historic district and landmarks protections, saving significant buildings from demolition, securing contextual zoning for sections of neighborhoods, and right-sizing plans for new construction has earned wide praise from preservation leaders. GVSHP has helped secure designation of ten new historic districts or district extensions, landmark status for dozens of buildings, and four contextual rezonings.
5  All eyes on our Ben Graham in the Super Bowl  http://www.heraldsun.com.au/sport/more-sport/all-eyes-on-our-ben-in-super-bowl/story-e6frfglf-1111118727123
The Dutch national side has qualified for the World Cup on four occasions (1996, 2003, 2007, and 2011) and the ICC World Twenty20 on three occasions (2009, 2014 and 2016). The team previously had One Day International (ODI) status, but lost its status at the 2014 World Cup Qualifier, at which at failed to qualify for the 2015 World Cup.
During the night between November 17 and November 18, "exhausted and ill", Roger Salengro committed suicide at his home in Lille, where he lived alone. A million people attended his funeral on November 22.
There are many additional SEMI standards and factory specifications that reference the GEM standard its features. These additional standards are either industry-specific or equipment-type specific. Following are a few examples.
Adult leaves are usually a greyish-green or greyish-blue, the same on both sides, lanceolate, 7.5 to 12.5 centimetres long, 1 to 2.8 centimetres wide, on a petiole one to two centimetres long. Flowers are white, and occur in clusters of 9 to 17.
On 23 February 1944 Schmid reorganized his forces in I. JK to contain:
Cave's first Soundsuit was made of twigs.  Other typical materials include dyed human hair, sisal, plastic buttons, beads, sequins, and feathers.  The finished pieces bear some resemblance to African ceremonial costumes and masks.  His suits are presented for public viewing as static sculptures, but also through live performance, video, and photographs.
In 2008 the Old Sixth Ward neighborhood celebrated the sesquicentennial of its founding.
As of July 9, 2015.  All statistics from the Women's Tennis Association.
Trypeta atilia is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
The then Health Secretary Alan Johnson told MPs on 27 April that "Although we are aware that face-masks are being given out to the public in Mexico, the available scientific evidence does not support the general wearing of face-masks by those who are not ill, whilst going about their normal activities."
The by-election was caused by the elevation to the peerage of the sitting Liberal MP, Lewis Harcourt as the first Viscount Harcourt of Stanton Harcourt in Oxfordshire. Harcourt had himself been elected as MP for Rossendale in a by-election in 1904.
These laboratories, found in many hospitals and local public health facilities, have the ability to rule out specific bioterrorism threat agents, to handle specimens safely, and to forward specimens to higher-level labs within the network.
SME Toolkit has been launched in 16 languages (English, Spanish, French, Portuguese, Russian, Ukrainian, Mongolian, Arabic, Hindi, Tamil, Sinhalese, Sri Lankan Tamil, Indonesian Bahasa, Chinese, Vietnamese and Georgian) in more than 41 markets. SME Toolkit web sites receive more than 6.7 million users per year.
Craig first modelled for Burberry in 2008 in their Spring/Summer campaign. He also appeared alongside Emma Watson in the 2010 Burberry Spring/Summer Campaign, and was also involved in Burberry's Eyewear Campaign in 2012. He is currently modelling for Urban Outfitters.
He was a pioneer of electronic percussion in the early 70s.  Luongo performed extended drum solos on a massive kit including a prototype of the Moog Synthesizer Drum.
In recent years, increased research and the animal's popularity in public venues has brought about a dramatic rehabilitation of the killer whale's image, much as the North American wolf's image has been changed. It is now widely seen as a respected predator posing little or no threat to humans. The Free Willy films (1993, 1995, 1997, 2010) present killer whales as victims of captivity, oil spills and poaching, and were influential in changing public attitudes to captive marine mammals. Following the success of the first of these, Free Willy, the movie's captive star Keiko was returned to the coast of his native Iceland.
Maratha (Hindu) dynasties and clans were spread across present Maharashtra and other Indian states. Some of the major clans and their respective places of origin were:
In 2013 the long-awaited Sandwatch International Database was launched in Mauritius. The database provides participating Sandwatch groups the opportunity to upload their monitoring data to a secure site. Not only does this allow for proper archiving of environmental data, but it also allow users to analyse their results, create their own charts and graphs, and communicate their findings visually with the wider community. Non-Sandwatch groups can also visit the database and view the data.
Hall appeared on the May 3, 2009 cover of the Washington Post Magazine, on a feature called "Fit for Fame", about still exercising while being famous.
Koenigsberger, Kurt. ''The novel and the Menagerie: Totality, Englishness, and Empire''. Ohio State University Press (2007)
Mystery and Imagination is a British television anthology series of classic horror and supernatural dramas. Five series were broadcast from 1966 to 1970 by the ITV network and produced by ABC and (later) Thames Television.
The 'Amman Plan', as the master-plan that Maani has overseen has been officially known, dealt with the future metropolitan growth of Amman, the intensification of the urban fabric inside the existing urban envelope, the protection of urban heritage and the formulation of high-rise building regulations that are sensitive to Amman's hilly nature and topography.
In 2007, the OPERA program, a financial support program for indigent pediatric surgical patients was established. In the same year the Empowerment through Mobility project, a partnership between the Fraternity and Free Wheelchair Mission, was launched. Over a thousand wheelchairs were distributed among the needy, less-abled Filipinos.
She was neat, well-mannered old lady with short grey hair and bright lively eyes. Nobody in the drama theatre knew about her, or about her and Kolchak's tragic love story. But to the surprise of others, every time when the director, a respectable man of noble birth, saw Timiryova, he kissed her hand. People talked in corners about such attention devoted to the property manager.
It is not normally possible to freeze wine in the bottle as there is insufficient room for it to expand as it freezes and the bottle will always crack.
A Tale of Two Andres is an album released by Bay Area rappers Andre Nickatina and Mac Dre. Initially conceived in 2004, it was released in 2008.
In May 2008 The Cansecos remixed Sally Shapiro "Hold Me So Tight" for the Sally Shapiro remix album Remix Romance Vol. 1
Often, as in the diary pictured above, weekend days are given less space than workdays.  Small calendars of the current month, and if there is room, previous and following months at the bottom of the page are also typical. 
Goldblatt P, Rudall P. 1992. Relationships of the southern African genus ''Bobartia'' (Iridaceae-Iridoideae). S. Afr. J. Bot. 58. 304-9
The 2015 Festival was held at the same three locations as the last two years: Leeds (23 May), Hatfield (24 May) and Wolverhampton (25 May). The Leeds event was moved from Leeds University to Leeds City Centre.
Above the entrance on the second story is a projecting bay window. It has a flat roof with the same roof treatment as the main roof. The flanking windows are similar to their first-story counterparts. The front facade is topped with a Palladian window and shutters at the attic level.
The 18th Kentucky Infantry was organized at large and mustered in for a three-year enlistment on February 8, 1862 under the command of Colonel William A. Warner.
On leaving the House of Commons, an MP will be entitled to what is essentially severance pay.
Miller, Brian Craig. ''Empty Sleeves: Amputation in the Civil War South'' (University of Georgia Press, 2015). xviii, 257 pp. 
Craspedosis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
Waller LJ (delivering an opinion with which Sedley LJ and Smith LJ concurred) upheld the High Court, and ruled that the material increase in risk to Miss Bailey created by the Ministry of Defence's hospital made for a sufficient causal connection to be liable in negligence. In particular he asserted that there should be no distinction drawn between medical negligence (where there has been a material increase in risk) and employer liability cases. He held that where the "but for" test of causation cannot be satisfied because of some uncertainty, it is relaxed and a claimant will succeed in getting compensation if the defendant materially increased the risk of harm.
In 1940, Matthews left the Labour Party, and during the war he was active in the National Union of Agricultural and Allied Workers.  In 1943, he was appointed to the CPGB's Executive Committee, and in 1949, he became the party's Assistant General Secretary.  He attended the 20th Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union in 1956, and was acting editor of the party's Daily Worker newspaper during the Soviet invasion of Hungary.  In 1947, he became the paper's Assistant Editor, moving to become Editor in 1949.  In 1966, he gained agreement to rename the paper as the Morning Star.
Hung and ticked by the fire as it ticked through the tears And the smiles that had chequered the flight of the years.
While the articles have thorough academic quality, the Yearbook is mainly oriented to the requirements of a large range of target groups: students, politicians, diplomats, administrators, journalists, teachers, practitioners in the field of development aid as well as business people.
It is an Ashok Leyland version of Nissan NV200.
Mrs. Medelyn B. Cruz (Edukasyon sa Pagpapakatao) - 2014-present
The Czar Guidon, the latest in a long line of ruthless rulers, has married by the counsel of his advisers, but he is deathly afraid of being overthrown by his son. He imprisons his pregnant wife, Farida, in a windowless room at the top of the tallest tower in the palace, and when she dies in childbirth he orders that his son, the Czarevich Safa, should never leave the room. Marien, Safa's nurse, raises him there. When he becomes restless at his imprisonment, she dares to speak to the Czar about him and is summarily executed.
Fraternities and sororities are commonly associated with paddling of members, especially new members or pledges, as part of their hazing rituals.
Differences in organizing "democratic" societies led to different views regarding judicial review, with societies based on common law and those stressing a separation of powers being the most likely to utilize judicial review. Nevertheless, many countries whose legal systems are based on the idea of legislative supremacy have learned the possible dangers and limitations of entrusting power exclusively to the legislative branch of government. Many countries with civil-law systems have adopted a form of judicial review to stem the tyranny of the majority.
''The World Observed: Reflections on the Fieldwork Process'' (co-editor, with Edward D. Ives, University of Illinois Press, 1996)
Martyn's bridge and mills survived into the early 19th century, the bridge been the only one connecting east and west County Galway. It was the scene of an unsuccessful prison break in August 1595 which resulted in the death of a number of the escapees.
On January 28, 2011 Toronto FC of Major League Soccer verified that Sidra was one of three Canadian National team trialists that were traveling to Turkey for preseason camp. David Monsalve and midfielder Gianluca Zavarise were also on trial.
mcms016.7  ha me ad wra arluth bras
In September 2013 Worldpay revealed it had acquired US payment processing company Century Payments.
Firefighters took two hours to contain the blaze.
The Amstelhof (Amstel court), is a former retirement home and now home to the Hermitage Amsterdam museum. It was built near the Amstel river in 1682 by the diaconate of the Dutch Reformed Church after having received an inheritance of the rich merchant Barent Helleman. He died on 18 October 1680 and left approximately 90,000 guilders to the church. The city of Amsterdam donated the land on which it was built.
While a graduate student at MIT, he initially worked on high-performance system area network for cluster computing (StarT-Jr and Start-X).  For his Ph.D. thesis, he worked on high-level synthesis from hardware descriptions based on Term Rewriting Systems (TRS). This synthesis system is the basis of the Bluespec language and compiler by Bluespec, Inc.
Jacketed vessels can be employed as chemical reactors (to remove the elevated heat of reaction) or to reduce the viscosity of high viscous fluids (such as tar).
2009 The Canadian Embassy Award for Outstanding Ensemble, Resident Play, ''Romeo and Juliet''.
After he left the organization, it was listed as a terrorist organisation by a number of nations, and dissolved.
A post office operated at Plainsburg from 1869 to 1907.
Most of the people are devoted to agriculture, planting of corn, beans and wheat.
The convoy was operating under the auspices of the UN World Food Programme (WFP) and was to have helped support around 18,000 of the 135,000 people displaced by recent tribal fighting which claimed hundreds of lives.  
He was mostly known for his paintings of animals, primarily of cats and dogs, but also of horses, people and elephants. The animals were more often than not made up of Rothkoesque blocks of colour and were often embellished with gold leaf, glitter, staples, string and other objects. Many of Govinder's animals came in pairs focusing on themes such as opposites, yin and yang, family, love, good versus evil and mr and mrs.
It is among the group of very fragrant orchids.
Eickhout attended high school at the Cobbenhagen College in Tilburg. Between 1994 and 2000 he studied chemistry and environmental science at Radboud University in Nijmegen. During his studies he was an intern at research information centers in Nijmegen and in the United States. He also chaired the Nijmegen Association of Chemistry Students Sigma and he was a member of the Nijmegen University Council.
TOMOYO was merged in Linux Kernel mainline version 2.6.30 (2009, June 10)/ It is currently one of four standard LSM modules, along with SELinux, AppArmor and SMACK.
Joseph Connor (born 1 February 1986 in Stockport) is an English footballer who plays for Ashton United in the Northern Premier League Premier Division.
Known as Haipwil to the local Indians, Palmer Lake is named for James Palmer, who had a cattle ranch at the north end of the lake around 1875. 
As it was originally designed specifically for the Vista's body, no other body manufacturers developed their own product lines based on the 3600.  It was produced from 1991 until 1998 when Thomas chose to discontinue Vista production after the body manufacturer's purchase by Freightliner.
The populations is mostly Malay, Chinese and Siamese.
However, McNaught and the club did not remain on good terms over the lease. The club relocated briefly to the Bailey Building at Second and Cherry (now Broderick Building, after Henry Broderick); from February 1893, the clubhouse was located in rooms at the then newly erected Seattle Theatre, on the site of today's Arctic Building. The Rainier Club purchased its current property at Fourth Avenue and Columbia Street in downtown Seattle in 1903. The clubhouse, designed by Spokane, Washington architect Kirtland Cutter was completed and occupied in 1904. Seattle architect Carl F. Gould added the south wing in 1929, plus a Georgian-style entry and interior Art Deco ornamentation.
The Metropolitan Opera House (MOH) is a historic opera house located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania at 858 North Broad Street. Built over the course of just a few months in 1908, it was the ninth opera house built by impresario Oscar Hammerstein I. It was initially the home of Hammerstein's Philadelphia Opera Company, and was originally called the Philadelphia Opera House. Hammerstein sold the house to the Metropolitan Opera of New York City in 1910, when it was renamed. The Met used the MOH through 1920, after which various opera companies used the house through 1934. For over five more decades it remained in constant use in turn as a movie theater, a ballroom, a sports venue, and a church. The MOH then fell into serious disrepair and was unused and vacant from 1988 until 1995, when it was bought by its current owners and became the Holy Ghost Headquarters Revival Center at the Met. The church has stabilized much of the building and is currently attempting to raise the funds necessary for further historic renovation of the opera house. The MOH has been included in the National Register of Historic Places since 1972.
In TJEd, the "Seven Keys of Great Teaching" are Classics, not Textbooks; Mentors, not Professors; Inspire, not Require; Structure Time, not Content; Quality, not Conformity; Simplicity, not Complexity; and You, not Them.
This list of closed stadiums by capacity shows demolished, unused, or otherwise closed sports stadiums ordered by their capacity, that is the maximum number of spectators that the stadium could accommodate seated. All stadiums that had a capacity at the time of closing of 25,000 or greater are included.
Chemnashaovirodaintrachivu "Master Chem" is a blue and silver dragon who works in Lancovit and helps  Tara's gang. He often takes the form of an old wiseman, but Tara and her friends later discover that his real age is equivalent to a thirty years old man in human years.
Winterbury is an unincorporated community in New Castle County, Delaware, United States. Winterbury is located northeast of Delaware Route 41 southeast of the intersection with Loveville Road to the southeast of Hockessin.
Perrin has appeared in the documentary film The Truth Is Disgusting as a former member of Grandpa's Army, as well as a small role in the Dogme 95 film The Smokestack Wager.
Castle House is a house in Bridgwater, Somerset, England. Built in 1851 to resemble a Tudor gatehouse, the construction uses panels of prefabricated concrete, with significant further usage of concrete throughout the building.
U.S. Army Center of Military History
	'''"Can Great Literature Make you a Better Doctor?" ''' Interviewed by Helen Mathews Smith in MD Magazine, November 1984.
In 2004, TG4 produced a 30-minute documentary in their Scannal series about the tragedy.
In 2008, 12 historical groups also exhibited at Trainfest. Some exhibitors featured layouts depicting scenes from historical Wisconsin, including mining and logging, farm, and river and lake scenes.
Born in Shanghai in 1889, Zheng Zhengqiu was a young intellectual involved in China's theater scene when he and his friend and colleague, Zhang Shichuan, made the first Chinese film, the short, The Difficult Couple in 1913. The two men would come together again in 1922 with the founding of the seminal Mingxing Film Company, which would dominate Shanghai's film industry for the next fifteen years.
He was born with a femoral deficiency that meant that his left leg never grew to the same size as his right one. But that never stopped him from sport, specially his ultimate goal of playing rugby. "I've loved the game from the first day. I always accompanied my friends and class-mates to their games. But, when they took the field, I had to stay on the wrong side of the chalk line," said Pueta, whose father is a respected coach and his two younger brothers also play rugby. One day, aged 15, he decided that it was time to give it a go, and despite medical and parental advise not taking no for an answer, he played his first game of rugby.
Pete Nischt grew up in Medina, Ohio and attended Highland High School (Medina, Ohio) where he stood out as a musician on the trumpet and guitar. After briefly considering a major in Jazz Studies on the trumpet after high school, he relocated to Akron, Ohio in 2005 to attend the University of Akron, study Accounting, and concentrate on songwriting. He played his first solo show in August 2005 at an open-mic night. Over the next year, he made a name for himself playing with childhood friend Kate Voegele and others around Ohio and the Midwest. 
It is notable as the name of the protagonist in the medieval German Jewish tale of Solomon and Marcolf, where Marcolf, or Marolf, is a type of the "wise fool" stock character.
By the accomplishment of the business for which the partnership was formed.
While traditionally Prussian, with the Second Peace of Thorn in 1466 the area became part of the Kingdom of Poland until 1772; 1772-1945 Kingdom of Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
Smith, Samuel Thomas. ''Life and Letters of Pvt. Samuel Thomas Smith, Fifteenth Indiana Regiment, Volunteers, Civil War'' (Bloomington, IN: Monroe County Historical Society), 1976.
Department of Sanskrit.
Traditionally Maldivian men wear a mundu with a shirt, it is very similar to that of Malayali people.Also that the Maldivian women wear like a red-top and a long skirt and no undies. Women wore libaas  at the time.
The Austudy Five was the epithet given to a group of five activists arrested in 1992 at a National Union of Students (NUS) national demonstration in Melbourne, Australia. NUS had called the demonstration around the Keating Government's proposed abolition of Austudy as a student grant to be replaced by a student loan. There were reportedly
The White-Pool House is open Tuesday through Saturday from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Guided tours for individuals or groups are available; there is no admission charge.
The protagonist, as an infant, was found in a forest by Santa, a bird catcher.  He named her Maria and raised her to train birds.  As she is somewhat of a vixen, her jocular neighbors reversed her name to Santa Maria.  Meanwhile, the childless King of Holland is about to be divorced at the demand of some conspirators, when a gypsy is bribed to reveal to him that he has a son, born twenty years before, while he was away at war.  This infant had been stolen from its cradle, and Lieutenant Bertrand, a young officer who has been sentenced to death, volunteers to go in search of the lost Prince.
While Clark Kent and Lois Lane are kept under house arrest as prisoners of war in Japan, Superman becomes a saboteur.
Robitaille, the talented Canadian player was Top Scorer during the regular season but sensationally missed the playoff moment.
Unlike the water wheels found in mills, a noria does not provide mechanical power to any other process. A few historical norias were hybrids, consisting of waterwheels assisted secondarily by animal power. A noria can raise water to a level that's less than its full height. The Hama noria is the largest in the world, with a diameter of about 20 meters.
Indole chemistry began to develop with the study of the dye indigo. Indigo can be converted to isatin and then to oxindole. Then, in 1866, Adolf von Baeyer reduced oxindole to indole using zinc dust. In 1869, he proposed a formula for indole (left).
The factual allegations were not denied; nevertheless, the trial court denied the motion without a hearing.
On July 10, 2012, he signed a contract with Anadolu Efes.
Luke attended The Hotchkiss School and then Lawrence University, where he received his Bachelor of Arts. He attended the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and received his Masters in Business Administration.
With 12 minutes to go Olympiacos CFP passed SC Corinthians to go into 2nd place and with 3 minutes on the clock remaining Olympiacos CFP passed Liverpool F.C. to get into 1st and get their first ever Superleague Formula win. Liverpool F.C. came 2nd and SC Corinthians finished 3rd.
These classes of metadata are integrated with some modeling ontology to give rise to a stable set of meta-relations (tables of metadata). Individual models are interpreted as metadata and entered into these tables. As such, models are inserted, retrieved, updated, and deleted in the same manner as ordinary data do in an ordinary (relational) database. Users will also formulate global queries and requests for processing of local databases through the Metadatabase, using the globally integrated metadata. The Metadatabase structure can be implemented in any open technology for relational databases.
Black Noon is an American made-for-TV horror western feature film that debuted in 1971. It was written and produced by Andrew J. Fenady and directed by Bernard L. Kowalski.
Anderson was censured by the Sydney University Senate in 1931 after criticising the role of war memorials in sanctifying war. In 1943 he was censured by the Parliament of New South Wales after arguing that religion has no place in schools. He founded the Sydney University Free Thought Society which ran from 1931 to 1951. He was president of the society throughout that period.
David is a trustee and treasurer of Oxfam GB since 2011. He has been closely involved in helping establish Oxfam's Enterprise Development Programme. He chairs the UN Environment Programme's Finance Initiative, (www.unepfi.org) a unique partnership between the UN and over 200 financed institutions. Its aim is to identify, promote and realise best sustainability practices within the finance industry. He is a trustee of the Institute for Public Policy Research and the Speakers' Corner Trust which he chairs.
McNamara argued that this policy kept prices stable and prevented the price from dropping sharply - the Wheat Board under his stewardship would also withhold wheat from the market when demand was soft in order to keep the price stable.  "We are out to sell to the best advantage of the Canadian producer," he said. "This dominates our thinking; this is what we were created for."
Although he mapped the route carefully, Thompson was not interested in mountains and did not name or note them in his journals. His journey joined with the Columbia river and the trail became the premier trade passage over the Rockies until the decline of the fur trade.
The Bryan Press, a weekly newspaper, had its roots in the Republican Standard of 1854 and the twice-weekly Bryan Democrat which began in 1863. The Bryan Democrat, founded by Robert N. Patterson, held its name through 1949 while the forerunners of The Bryan Press went through a series of name changes until 1869.
Weekly MGNREGA Diwas was also observed every Wednesday to monitor the quality of work and processes in MGNREGA.
The algorithm operates on plaintext blocks of 16 bytes. Encryption of shorter blocks is possible only by padding the source bytes, usually with null bytes. This can be accomplished via several methods, the simplest of which assumes that the final byte of the cipher identifies the number of null bytes of padding added.
(1992). ''Death and Personal Survival: The Evidence for Life After Death''. Rowman and Littlefield.
Galatasaray literally means "Galata Palace".
Teketel was appointed as Ambassador of Ethiopia to Russia in 2006, and presented his Letters of Credence to Russian President Vladimir Putin on 25 July 2006.
By the time the band recorded its first EP and album in 1996/7 Dave Neilsen had left and they had played live for a time with Jared Johansen and Rachael King on the bass.  but the record was made by the original three members only.
Douglas is an intelligent and very strong fighter. Like Mikael and Ares, he is a swordsman, although not at their level. He is also smooth with the ladies, although he was once beaten by Helena for hitting on Ariadne, before finding out she was Ares' girlfriend.
Pond Island Light is a lighthouse at the mouth of the Kennebec River, Maine.
Graduated in 2005 from Florence High School of Florence, Alabama, Boddie was named 2005 Alabama Miss Basketball.
Claypole had several other relations including a brother called Henry In Thurloe's state papers, notice is taken of captain Wingfield Claypole, an officer in Ireland, and Christopher Claypole, who Mark Noble believed was also, in the army, and was sent to the Hague in 1658. John Claypole expresses his obligations to Henry Cromwell, lord-deputy (in a letter dated 16 April 1658) for his regard to his brothers and sisters, and himself, upon all occasions; he tells him, "that indeed, they cannot plead any desert, though," says he, "my sister is very good, yet not enough so to entitle her to so much of your kindness." This sister seems to be the wife of major Staples, who certainly married one of his sisters, and as he earnestly requests a place for him of the lord-deputy, it is most reasonable to suppose he was the husband of this sister in whose praise he speaks. Wingfield, and another of his brothers, had done something wrong, for he says of the former, "I wish he had not presumed upon your goodness, in to long an absence", and requests his pardon on his behalf, yet desires he may be reprehended; and also requests that his other brother may likewise be reproved, as he fears he will stand in too much need of it. Another brother was James Claypoole, 1634-1687, an admired friend of William Penn, the Quaker, who emigrated to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1683. Other brothers included Edward, 1636-ca 1690, a Captain of Foot, who resided in Barbados from the late 1660s/early1670s and Norton, 1640-1688, who emigrated to North America in 1678 and died there in Sussex County, Delaware.
In 2000 editor John Klima was inspired to create a magazine by editor Gavin Grant during a panel at Readercon. The first issue made its debut at the 2001 SFWA Writers/Editors Banquet. At that point Klima began selling single issues and subscriptions.
Vitamin Party is a San Francisco/Bay Area "DIY" rock-punk band which formed in 2004.  Their style shows influences of lo-fi, indie, post-modern punk with straight forward rock and roll.  The band has released an EP and two full-length albums on their own record label Get It Out! Records.
The Northwest Region is one of eight United States regions that currently send teams to the Little League World Series, the largest youth baseball competition in the world. The region's participation in the LLWS dates back to 1957, when it was known as the West Region.  However, when the LLWS was expanded in 2001 from eight teams (four U.S. teams and four "International" teams from the rest of the world) to 16 teams (eight U.S. and eight International), the Western Region was split into the Northwest and West Regions.
Very commonly, an event causes only some internal actions to execute but does not lead to a change of state (state transition). In this case, all actions executed comprise the internal transition. For example, when one types on a keyboard, it responds by generating different character codes. However, unless the Caps Lock key is pressed, the state of the keyboard does not change (no state transition occurs). In UML, this situation should be modeled with internal transitions, as shown in Figure 6. The UML notation for internal transitions follows the general syntax used for exit (or entry) actions, except instead of the word entry (or exit) the internal transition is labeled with the triggering event (e.g., see the internal transition triggered by the ANY_KEY event in Figure 6).
Henry Joseph Shindika (born 3 November 1985 in Mwanza) is a Tanzanian footballer who currently plays for Mtibwa Sugar.
He was naturalized as an English citizen in James's first English parliament. In 1605 he obtained the deanery of Durham through royal influence, although he was not in orders, and was installed by proxy. The duties of the office must also have been done by proxy, if at all. In 1606 he acquired the manor of Charlton, Kent, where he built Charlton House. 
He is a Senior Partner of Golden Creative Communications, LLC.
Bulbophyllum lipense is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
Stambaugh is located at an elevation of 830 feet (253 m) and has an estimated population of 501.
At the Suez, Eurasia is connected to Africa forming a single land mass. The Nile river valley, which runs from East Africa to the Mediterranean Sea could have served as a bidirectional corridor in the Sahara desert, that allows communication between Sub-Saharan Africa with the peoples of Eurasia.
Mrs King was born Anna Josepha Coombe in 1765 at Hatherleigh in Devonshire. At the age of 26 she married her first cousin Philip Gidley King who was a 33-year-old officer in the Royal Navy. He had recently returned from Norfolk Island where he had been in charge of establishing a penal settlement for two years under the direction of Captain Arthur Phillip.
His doctoral dissertation was on the subject of American Clergymen and the Constitution of the United States of America, 1780-1796 and his interests broadened from that topic to include church-state relations, human rights, and the impact of Presbyterian theology on American political thought.
Donau was bred by Colonel Milton Young, who owned Donau's sire. At the time of Donau's birth, Col. Young and Thomas Piatt had a racing partnership. Piatt owned Brookdale Farm, a Thoroughbred stud farm located on Greendale Pike approximately seven miles northwest of Lexington, where Donau was foaled in 1907. 
Jones played the role of Jess Cooper in The Saddle Club from 2008 to 2009. In February 2009, it was announced Jones had been cast as Sophie Ramsay in the Australian soap opera Neighbours. Jones began filming her first scenes with Neighbours in the same month. Of her casting, Jones told Samantha Booth of the Daily Record, "Filming Neighbours is so much fun. I just love my job and wouldn't want to be doing anything else. The cast and crew are so kind and lovely. They are practically my second family now. They're also very patient".
Particularly galling to the workers was the use of the Baldwin contract, commonly known as "pooling." Under this system, jobs were parceled out in lots by a foreman who contracted that it be done for a given sum, with the money paid to be divided pro rata by the men under him. The system was rife with corruption, with workers often paying substantial kickbacks to the foreman to retain their jobs. The system resulted in unpredictable and often insufficient rates of pay, as one sympathetic journalist reported:
Recognized journalists include Harley Bozeman, Sam Hanna Sr., Wiley W. Hilburn, Iris Kelso, William Hawthorn Lynch, Adras LaBorde, John LaPlante Jr., Jack Wardlaw, John Maginnis, and Gus Weill, later a consultant to Governor John McKeithen.
SingStar Take That is a competitive karaoke video game for the PlayStation 2 and PlayStation 3.  It is the third band-specific SingStar game released in the UK, following up on SingStar ABBA and SingStar Queen.  It was released on 6 November 2009.
Motors Insurance Company Ltd. (MIC)
Stephen has also consulted for various executives and entertainment companies, and renders creative services such as executive production, and music supervision.
Numerous experiments were done on prisoners throughout the US. Many prisoners eventually filed lawsuits and these actions brought about many more investigations and suits against doctors, hospitals and pharmaceutical companies.  http://www.inthesetimes.com/article/1373/the_prison_as_laboratory/ Experiments included high-risk cancer treatments, the application of strong skin creams, new cosmetics, dioxin and high doses of LSD. Many incidents were documented in government reports, ACLU findings and various books including Acres of Skin by Allen Hornblum. The Stateville Penitentiary Malaria Study is one of many examples. The Plutonium Files, for which Eileen Welsome won a Pulitzer Prize, documents the early human tests of the toxicity of plutonium and uranium on people.
Approximately 60 percent of the line will not be equipped with overhead electrical wires, and the streetcars will be powered solely from lithium-ion batteries on that section.
Each episode of the show is 30 minutes and features an interview with at least one special guest, either live in the studio or via telephone. Guests include physicians, medical school admissions directors, students in different stages of their medical education, and other health care leaders.
Liga Indonesia has been sponsored since its inception in 1994. In many cases, the main sponsor determines the competition's name.
MTV's House In Montmartre (CD, Comp) La Mouche (DJ Falcon) Virgin France S.A. 2002
He was born in Newcastle, Canada West, the son of William Gray, and was educated in Guelph and Galt. In 1889, he married Clara A. Whetten. Gray lived in London, Ontario. He was president of the Ottawa and St. Lawrence Railway, Kings Quicksilver Mining Company of California, the Dominion Oil Company of California, the Maple Leaf Oil Company of California and the Merchants Manufacturing and Importing Company. Gray was an unsuccessful candidate for a seat in the House of Commons in 1904 and 1908. He died in office in London, Ontario at the age of 54.
24 Hours Help Line.
Written by Joseph E. Howard and Harold Orlob
The Research Institute for Linguistics of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences published a Statement on the Amendment of the Slovak Language Law, and it has been signed by many people from around the world, including linguists such as Noam Chomsky, Peter Trudgill, Bernard Comrie, Ian Roberts, and Ruth Wodak.
The Midlands/Wales/West Division of the 2009 Twenty20 Cup determined which counties would qualify for the knockout stage of the 2009 Twenty20 Cup. Northamptonshire and Warwickshire qualified automatically, while Somerset qualified as the best of the third-place finishers.
The draw took place on 10 September 2010 in Herning, Denmark. 14 teams were drawn into 7 two-legged ties.  The matches between Iceland and Scotland were moved back a day to avoid a fixture clash with full internationals.
Bernard, Jessie. 1978. "Self-Portrait of a Family". Boston: Beacon Press.
On 26 June 2009, Human Rights Watch published a 62-page report titled Diamonds in the Rough. Human Rights Abuses in the Marange Diamond Fields of Zimbabwe, based on its researchers' "more than 100 one-on-one interviews with witnesses, local miners, police officers, soldiers, local community leaders, victims and relatives, medical staff, human rights lawyers, and activists in Harare, Mutare, and Marange district in eastern Zimbabwe", conducted in February 2009. 
It also can mean a paneled ceiling. This is used in literary works such as The Waste Land, and Aeneid.
Similar examples on effects of feedback delay have been reported among fire fighters in a fire fighting game called NEWFIRE in the past where on account of task complexity and feedback delay between actions of firefighters and outcomes, led participants to frequently allow their headquarters to be burned down.
Corner Brook Regional High has had four graduating students selected as Loran Scholars, the largest number for any school in the province.
Paavola is a former municipality of Finland, now a village in the municipality of Siikajoki. The village is located beside the Siikajoki river. Though lacking rail transport connections, the settlement does lie beside the crossroads of routes 86 and 807.
Dennis was born on May 16, 1903, in Falmouth, Massachusetts. He grew up on a farm on Cape Cod. He and his older brother Morgan both learned to draw specializing in farm animals, with preference for horses and dogs respectively.
In Japanese, chopsticks are called hashi. They are also known as otemoto, a phrase commonly printed on the wrappers of disposable chopsticks. Te means hand and moto means the area under or around something. The preceding o is used for politeness.
Those who passed the high school final and have the school leaving certificate.
I Stand With You is the second studio album by The Dawn, released in 1988. 
Catocala abamita is a moth of the Erebidae family. It is found in Northern China, South-eastern Siberia and on the Korean Peninsula.
He was raised in Park Forest, Illinois.
In 2016, Zhang set up his personal label, Planet Culture, and cooperated with Linfair Record.
Later, Mr. Jersild was convicted of aiding and abetting "the Greenjackets".
A new administrative building for the archbishop's office was being built by the Chinese construction company Zhongxing Construction in 2011.
On September 23, 2009, it was announced that the Defenders would leave Norwich for their current home at The Diamond in Richmond, Virginia, where they will continue seeking proposals for a new ballpark in the Richmond metropolitan area. The team name was changed to the "Flying Squirrels".
It was the nation attention that got the annual science fair the excitement that it needed. In the 1930s, Chicago, Illinois elected that the Nation Day for Illinois is Annual Science Fair day.
Lisa Sari (born October 18, 1984, in Longview, Washington) is an American soccer midfielder who last played for Los Angeles Sol of Women's Professional Soccer. She also coaches FC Portland.
At first, during his younger days, Anjan rebelliously fulfilled his acting dream, through the medium of Bengali theatre, while he stayed with his parents at Calcutta, mostly against his father's wishes. 
Mercier was released by the Pioneers when the team self-relegated to the USL Premier Development League in 2010 and, after a brief stint with the New Hampshire Mountaineers in the National Premier Soccer League, returned to the New Hampshire Phantoms in July.
The result meant Hamilton extended his lead in the Drivers' Championship to 14 points over Button. Vettel's third-place finish allowed him to tie with Webber in third place on 136 points, and Alonso's victory resulted in the Spanish driver reducing the deficit to be within 13 points of the Red Bull driver. McLaren maintained their lead in the Constructors' Championship although Red Bull's finish of third and sixth meant they reduced the gap by one point. Ferrari's one-two result allowed them to reduce the points deficit to Red Bull slightly. Mercedes and Renault remained in fourth and fifth positions, with eight races left in the season.
Davies was born in the parish of Llancarfan in about 1812 to John and Mary Davies, his father is believed to have been a tenant of the Duke of Beaufort. Although little of his early personal life is known, in later police records Davies is recorded as a "farm labourer, can plough", and at one time is thought to have worked at a quarry in Newcastle, Bridgend, also serving as a preacher to the local Wesleyians. He is later recorded as attending the Philadelphia Baptist Church in Cadoxton near Barry, one of the earliest Baptist chapels in the area, from which the important Methodist preacher, Christmas Evans is believed to have given sermons. Davies was nicknamed "Dai'r Cantwr", David the Singer, because he "taught them to sing at church".
It is part of the Raver Lok Sabha constituency along with another five Vidhan Sabha segments, namely Bhusawal, Jamner, Muktainagar and Raver in Jalgaon district and Malkapur in adjoining Buldhana district.
Gobsmack's boss and head goblin. He fires Gobsmack in one episode because he thought Pearlie had everything in the park under control and Gobsmack was not needed. Gobsmack later gets his job back after Gadzook sees him tell Sapphire the rules she broke for unauthorized renovations on her greenhouse.
Description: Feistel ciphers are a form of cipher of which DES is the most important. It would be hard to overestimate the importance of either Feistel or DES. Feistel pushed a transition from stream ciphers to block ciphers.  Although most ciphers operate on streams, most of the important ciphers today are block ciphers at their core.
Refugee claimants are an independent category of Tamils from Sri Lanka who arrived in Canada and are claiming protection under the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act. After 2001 there have been no Government of Canada or private sponsored Tamil refugees to Canada. There are 141,074 UNHCR recognized Tamil refugees in non-signatory countries. There are a total of 589,639 refugees from Sri Lanka in 2011 who have registered with the UNHCR in non-signatory countries.
Killian is also active in bringing attention to important LGBTQ artists and writers of the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s. He has held poetry readings of a wide number of influential poets and writers, and participated in a number of panels, art installations, retrospectives, and memorials. For example, in 2008 he was a featured speaker at a University of Maine "Poetry of the 1970s" conference. He and artist Colter Jacobsen also helped organize a major tribute to the Kiki Gallery ("Kiki: The Proof Is in the Pudding"), a highly influential art gallery in San Francisco in the 1980s which featured the work of LGBTQ artists.
Siegmeister wrote of his search for the safest place on Earth from radioactive fallout in order to build a paradise. The idea was later developed in the writings of Johnny Lovewisdom and then Viktoras Kulvinskas.
In geometry, isotoxal polyhedra and tilings are edge-transitive. An isotoxal polyhedron or tiling must be either isogonal (vertex-transitive) or isohedral (face-transitive) or both.  Regular polyhedra are isohedral (face-transitive), isogonal (vertex-transitive) and isotoxal. Quasiregular polyhedra are isogonal and isotoxal, but not isohedral; their duals are isohedral and isotoxal, but not isogonal.
All music composed by David Axelrod; "lyrics adapted by Michael T. Axelrod from The Book of Isaiah, The Old Testament and adapted from Song of the Earth Spirit, a Navajo origin legend."
Christina Clair Reiss (born September 3, 1962) is a United States district judge serving as the Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Vermont. She is the first female judge to serve in the District of Vermont.
BmTx3 was originally purified from the venom of the Chinese scorpion, Buthus Martensi Karsch.
Peterson was a deeply religious member of Trinity Lutheran Church, one of several Rockford churches belonging to the Evangelical Lutheran Augustana Synod in North America (the Augustana Synod was the main Swedish-American denomination in America). He was a contributor to other churches, as well, and the Anti-Saloon League. He was reputedly very generous not only with his peers (even competitors) among Rockford's business leadership but also with his companies' workers, often cosigning loans for them and giving personal checks to their widows.
Labour and ILO Convention No.138 concerning Minimum Age for Admission to 
The family rules state that the offspring who desire to be an official are supposed to be given considerable financial assistance and encouragement. To those who have become a government official, they should abide by the laws and make every effort to deal with those laws earnestly.
Potential applications include remote sensing and medical applications that call for compact laser systems.
The technology was first demonstrated during the opening keynote at the SpringOne Europe developer conference on 27 April 2009, with an initial alpha release concurrently being published. During the keynote an application was built live on-stage that would be used by conference attendees to vote on the preferred name for the project (which at that time was codenamed "Roo" within SpringSource). Ultimately the name "Spring Roo" was preferred over alternatives including Spring Boost, Spring Spark, Spring HyperDrive and Spring Dart.
Balinski proves the result based on the correctness of the simplex method for finding the minimum or maximum of a linear function on a convex polytope (the linear programming problem). The simplex method starts at an arbitrary vertex of the polytope and repeatedly moves towards an adjacent vertex that improves the function value; when no improvement can be made, the optimal function value has been reached.
the nominal value of the 'DC' is a list of expressions enclosed in parentheses.  Expressions can be absolute, relocatable, or complex relocatable.
The episode begins at the home of Phil (Ty Burrell) and Claire (Julie Bowen) Dunphy and their three children; Haley (Sarah Hyland), Alex (Ariel Winter) and Luke (Nolan Gould). Claire and Phil shout up the stairs to the children. When Haley emerges, Claire tells her that her skirt is too short but Phil allows her to wear it. In side interviews, Phil calls himself a "cool dad" while Claire says that if she can prevent her children from making the same mistakes she did when she was growing up, she has "done our job". Alex comes downstairs to complain that Luke has shot her with the toy gun Phil bought him. Claire forces Phil to follow through on his deal with Luke: if Luke shoots someone, Phil will have to shoot him.
One player went in the 1972 NFL Draft.
The school's name derives from the original The Halifax High School, a school in a town centre Victorian building off Huddersfield Road. The school was relocated to The former Wellesley Barracks in 2005.  The Duke of Wellington's regiment regimental depot was based at the barracks until 1958.
Euxoa distinguenda is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in central, southern and eastern Europe, Turkey, Lebanon, Israel, Jordan and western Asia.
He writes his name as '''Noah''' in Latin letters.
The following is a list of events affecting Canadian television in 2010. Events listed include television show debuts, finales, cancellations, and channel launches, closures and rebrandings.
Grigorenko was once a main goalkeeper for the Kazakhstan U-21 team and the Kazakhstan champion FC Shakhter.
Pine Beach is a commuter rail station on the AMT Vaudreuil-Hudson Line in the Pine Beach section of Dorval, Quebec, Canada.
Riaz studied at Birmingham City University for a degree in Media and Communication. She was taken on for an internship at CNN studios in London, and trained with the BBC as a Broadcast Journalist.
The local government is governed by an elected chairman and 14 councillors, one elected from each ward.
Steam boilers are marked on OS maps at a number of the collieries, such as Redstone.
'''February:''' The debut issue of ''Propaganda'', U2's new fanclub magazine, is published.
Joey "the Clown" Lombardo, 80; Frank Calabrese, Sr., 71; and James Marcello, 66, were all sentenced to the maximum penalty of life in prison for their convictions which included murder. After admitting his contribution in 14 murders, Nick Calabrese was sentenced to only 12 years in prison, a light punishment rewarded because of unprecedented cooperation. Anthony Doyle, 64, and Paul Schiro, 71, were the only defendants who were not convicted of murder.
Jadeworld is a subsidiary network created by Television Broadcasts Limited that deliver Chinese programmings to overseas audiences, predominantly ethnic Chinese living abroad.  The name is currently being used in TVB's operations in Australia and USA.  
During World War II he was stationed in Singapore, and when it fell to the Japanese in February 1942 he was taken prisoner and sent to work on the aforementioned Death Railway.
By July 1816 Peruvian was laid up in ordinary at Plymouth where she stayed until 1830.  She was broken up on 25 February 1830.
John Frith (b. c. 1760 - fl. 1791) was an Englishman who believed himself to be St Paul.
Although the namesake Pacific salmon are no longer present in the creek, many fish inhabit the main stem and its tributaries throughout, but especially in Salmon Falls Creek Reservoir. Many fish are stocked in the reservoir including brown trout, Chinook salmon, kokanee salmon (landlocked sockeye), yellow perch, black crappie, channel catfish, smallmouth bass, and especially abundant is walleye. The Salmon Falls Creek reservoir is said to be one of the most plentiful fisheries in southern Idaho.
Hillje is located at the junction of U.S. Highway 59 (US 59) and FM 441 in western Wharton County, approximately 18 miles west of Wharton. The community was named for Fred Hillje, who purchased part of a local ranch in 1888. Many of its earliest settlers were of Czech and German descent.
Immediately prior to the opening of Card Gymnasium, the games were held in Alumni Memorial Gymnasium, which had opened in 1924. That building stands west of the traffic circle, the Lilly Library and the tennis courts. It is now part of the Brodie Recreation Center.
Te Huna then signed a contract with the Ultimate Fighting Championship and made his debut at UFC 110 against Igor Pokrajac. Te Huna was victorious via a controversial TKO stoppage. The referee stopped the bout when he hit Pokrajac with nine consecutive punches, which he did with his broken arm.
In 1917 the Acheron-class destroyers Ferret, Sandfly and Ariel were converted to minelaying destroyers, capable of carrying 40 mines.  Sandfly served with the 20th Flotilla, and operated out of Immingham.
Peter Hodgkiss, Manager and Chief Engineer of Seat Test Evaluation, Martin-Baker Aircraft Company Ltd.
After returning to Rwanda in 1958 he became a teacher at the Catholic seminary and a prominent member of the independence movement which, despite his identification with the Tutsi monarchy, may have saved him during the Belgian-led Hutu uprising in 1959. He later became one of the first professors at the new University of Rwanda (1963) and visiting professor at the University of Lubumbashi. 
Turkeye is a village of Sluis, a municipality located in the west of Zeelandic Flanders, in the south-western part of the Netherlands. In 1604, Prince Maurits changed the name of the village in Turkeye to thank the Turkish sailors for their support to the Dutch during the battle with the Spaniards in the Dutch War of Independence.
''Rebels and Renegades''. New York 1932. 430 pp.
Linkages with a good number of regional and national government agencies were established to provide financial assistance and technical support to the State College.
Puya's influences include Pantera, Rush, Fania All-Stars, Fishbone, Metallica, Black Sabbath, Van Halen and Sepultura.
''Ottonian Germany: The'' Chronicon ''of Thietmar of Merseburg'' (Translated and annotated by David A. Warner) (2001). Manchester University Press. ISBN 0-7190-4926-1.
All times are local (UTC-8).
In June 2013, Omar was appointed by the Local Organising Committee as the official ambassador for the 2013 FIFA U-17 World Cup, which was held in the Emirates.
Bermel proved to be almost as effective as Cassidy in wielding political power, and was quickly suspected of corruption. Bermel was largely responsible for the city's purchase of land for the creation of Kissena Park in Flushing. The city paid much more than fair market value for the property, which was held by friends of Bermel. Charges were referred to the Governor Charles Evans Hughes in 1908 and a grand jury was convened. 
Stewarton, Lewis Goldsmith (1806) ''The revolutionary Plutarch: exhibiting the most distinguished characters, literary, military, and political, in the recent annals of the French Republic''. (London:Printed for John Murray... John Harding...).
Eddy Arnold covered the song on his 1954 album Eddy Arnold: An American Institution and his 1956 album A Dozen Hits.
Using red morning glory is an annual plant, so using by letting it grow up as a climber over a fence, it can make a summertime screen to attract butterflies.
He told in an interview on Viva TV he already picked the two best offers - one from Hungary and one from Russia.
Daily lectures cover a variety of subjects in primatology. Students are divided into small groups to learn skills important to primate field research. Using the forests of Ometepe as classrooms, students learn how to map a trail system; how to conduct vegetation sampling and analysis; methods of assessing food availability; and observation techniques to study the social, feeding, and ranging behavior of primates. Independent Research Projects After completing the field methods section of the class, students begin work on their own projects. Faculty members work closely with students as they undertake this portion of the course. First, each student develops a research proposal detailing the subject to be investigated and the methods to be used. Each student presents his or her proposal to the class. Next, each student must collect data for his or her project; data analysis follows. Finally, students write a final paper on their project and make an oral presentation to the class.
Sri Lanka is situated along the key shipping route between the Malacca Straits and the Suez Canal, which links Asia and Europe. An estimated 36,000 ships, including 4,500 oil tankers, use the route annually. However the only major port in Sri Lanka, the Port of Colombo, is catered towards container handling and is unable to provide facilities for port related industries and services. Therefore, a new port was proposed near the city of Hambantota, which has a natural harbor and is located on the southern tip of Sri Lanka close to international shipping routes.
Other courses at the field school include Comparative Anatomy and Function, Tropical Herpetology, and Photography. http://www.maderasrfc.org/Maderas_Rainforest_Conservancy/Courses.html
Muncy School District is affiliated with Heartland Conference and the Northern Tier League in Football. Several sports are offered in cooperation with Montgomery Area School District.
A Competency Management scheme.
The first class graduated from Poston Butte on May 30, 2012. It had 253 students.
Sui and Han ended their season by winning their second junior world title at the 2011 World Junior Figure Skating Championships.
Public Monuments are all the objects used to perpetuate the memory on public places. The Law determines the Public Monuments as:
The jealous sisters-in-law try to create problems for the new bride in the house with the help of Rao Gopal Rao who is sitting there to take away their property.
(Note that "first aide de camp" here refers to rank, not chronology - chronologically, Ibarra and O'Leary were Bolivar's first aides-de-camp.)
Frances is located on the broad gauge railway from Wolseley to Mount Gambier in a grain-growing area. Despite the closure of the railway in 1995, Frances continues to be a major receiving point for grain, with several large silos.
On June 11, 2010, a live album was released with the same name, which contains a boxset with a CD and the DVD featuring the show. A Limited Delux Edition contains four discs while the Special Edition contains two discs.
Coach Dawson's second year record was a success, matching his first with just a single defeat on the record.  His overall career record with the Cornhuskers advanced to 14-2-0 (.875), the program's overall record improved to 188-62-15 (.738), and the program's conference record improved to 32-3-2 (.892).
'''Standard setting:''' The IAIS develops supervisory material (principles, standards and guidance) for effective supervision of insurance-related activities. The IAIS also prepares supporting papers (such as issues' papers) that provide background on specific areas of interest to insurance supervisors.
Richard Miles was a Motswana (Tswana) catechist and preacher "to the native tribes beyond the border" in South Africa.
A mass shooting took place at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in downtown Charleston on the evening of June 17, 2015. The senior pastor, the Rev. Clementa C. Pinckney, a state senator, was among the nine people killed. The suspect, a white male identified as Dylann Roof, was captured the morning after the attack in Shelby, North Carolina. The shooting is being investigated as a hate crime by local and federal officials.
Albeit largely implemented in dance music and African sources, Spiritual Life Music provides a myriad of fusion sounds from jazz, electronica, songs and many others.
Republican Cathy McMorris Rodgers, who took office in 2005, was the incumbent. McMorris Rodgers was re-elected in 2008 with 65 percent of the vote. In 2010 McMorris Rodgers's opponent in the general election was Daryl Romeyn, a television presenter and a member of the Democratic Party. Clyde Cordero, a vice president of the American GI Forum; David R. Fox, a lawyer; and Barbara Lampert, a retired nurse's aide, also ran as Democrats. Randall Yearout, an operations engineer and business owner, ran as a Constitution Party candidate.
Gordon William "Gordie" Nelson (born  May 10, 1947) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player who played three games in the National Hockey League for the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Dummer became closely associated with the radical Puritan malcontent Stephen Bachiler, who wanted to take his flock at Newton Stacey (near Wherwell, Hampshire) to New England. Bachiler married Helena Mason, the widow of Revd. Thomas Mason of Odiham, and Dummer married Mary Jane, the daughter of Helena and Thomas Mason.
This Russian farmer's windmill was built in Russia in 2001 and transported to Gifhorn by lorry. It is a replica of a typical Russian agricultural mill from the north Russian region around Archangelsk. The mill is a present from the Andrej Rublijow Foundation from Moscow, which is dedicated to the conservation of Russian architectural heritage.
The region is also well known for its nightlife district with several bars and nightclubs.
After his 2005-06 Minor Midget year with the Jr. Canadians, Della Rovere joined the Barrie Colts of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL) as their first round selection, 16th overall, in the 2006 OHL Priority Selection draft. He scored seven goals in 48 games as a 17-year-old rookie, and won a gold medal with Team Ontario at the 2007 Canada Winter Games.
The Jacobi curve can be of two types: the Jacobi intersection, that is given by an intersection of two surfaces, and the Jacobi quartic.
Santa Clara Pueblo v. Martinez, 436 U.S. 49 (1978), involved a request to stop denying tribal membership to those children born to female (not male) tribal members who married outside of the tribe. The mother who made the case pleaded that the discrimination against her child was solely based on sex, which violated the Indian Civil Rights Act of 1968. The courts decided that "tribal common-law sovereign immunity prevented a suit against the tribe." The decision ultimately strengthened tribal self-determination by further proving that generally, the federal government played no enforcement role over the tribal governments.
The venue has also been used for rally special stages and classic car events. The "Friends of the Rest" are working to revive the course (2009).
 Timgad District is a district of Batna Province, Algeria.
His weapon is a collapsible bow which draws a seemingly unlimited amount of arrows from a small quiver attached to the armor's back. His surekill is lit. Vacuum Wave, an extremely powerful light arrow. (The first use of which demolished a large section of a mountain). Rowen gains a new suit of Armor in the third OVA, Message, but its powers are unknown.
The decade between 941 and 951 is marked by Otto's exercise of undisputed domestic power. Through the subordination of the dukes under his authority, Otto asserted his power to make decisions without their prior agreement. He deliberately ignored the claims and ranks of the nobility, who wanted dynastic succession in the assignment of office, by freely appointing individuals of his choice to the kingdom's offices. Loyalty to Otto, not lineage, was the pathway towards advancement under his rule. His mother Matilda disapproved of this policy and was accused by Otto's royal advisers of undermining his authority. After Otto briefly exiled her to her Westphalian manors at Enger in 947, Matilda was brought back to court at the urging of his wife Eadgyth.
''The name wives and consorts of the early Della Torre lords of Milan are not known. But Napoleone della Torre may have been married to a Margherita di Baux.
Zevran may join the player's party after one major part of the plot has been completed. He will be found during a random event in which the Antivan Crows have set up a trap for the Wardens. He is the sole survivor of a failed attempt to assassinate the player, forcing the player to either kill him, let him go or allow him to join the party. Zevran is bisexual, and thus a possible romance option for both male and female players. Like Oghren, Zevran may be persuaded to stay in the party up to two times should he decide to try to leave the party. If the player engages Zevran in fight, he will be killed.
Sarah Vaughan was discovered at the Apollo Theater in Harlem after having won first prize at Amateur Night.
Belden is a ghost town located in Sikes Township in Mountrail County, North Dakota. It is located along North Dakota Highway 8 between Stanley and the former town of Van Hook. The village was founded in 1904, and was reportedly named for W. L. Belden, North Dakota's Indian agent at-large who was stationed at Fort Berthold Indian Reservation at the time.
The attention to the health in the municipality is provided through a clinic of IMSS-Solidaridad, in addition to SS, IMSS. Also it is counted on 7 CLINICS of HEALTH in his localities.
Star Appeal (1970-1987) was an Irish-bred Thoroughbred who became the first German-trained racehorse ever to win the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
Preben Hempel Munthe (15 October 1922 - 3 January 2013) was a Norwegian economist.
Upon entering the 21st century, product momentum continued for various industries including the laboratory, industrial, foodservice, education and jewelry markets. Product introductions continued to incorporate new designs, software and improvements in function and operation.
Michigan's starting lineup against Northwestern was John Nicholson (left end), Don Siegel (left tackle), John Brennan (left guard), Archie Kodros (center), Ralph Heikkinen (right guard), William Smith (right tackle), Dan Smick (right end), Forest Evashevski (quarterback), Paul Kromer (left halfback), Tom Harmon (right halfback), and R. Wallace Hook (fullback).
The Grassridge Dam is an earth-fill type dam located on a tributary of the Great Fish River called the Great Brak River, near Hofmeyr, Eastern Cape, South Africa. It is the starting point for the Fish River Canoe Marathon, which ends in Cradock. The Dam was constructed in 1923 (commissioned in 1924) and has been renovated in 1948. Its main purpose is for irrigation use and the hazard potential has been ranked high (3).
Sinclair has mentioned Kate Bush and Alanis Morissette as her most important musical influences, describing them as emotional artists "who write honestly about their opinions and experiences." The singer also stated she considered Gwen Stefani, who is a musical and stylistic inspiration, as her "hero", adding that Prince, Vanity 6, and Freddie Mercury have already inspired her during live performances. Sinclair explores music that is both confessional and bold when looking for inspiration, she reveals: "I don't listen to music to let go, I listen to dive in", listing Hole, Marilyn Manson, and Eminem among her favorite artists and bands with whom she grew up. According to Jon O'Brien of AllMusic, Sinclair gradually composed a musical tone incorporating "the theatrical dance-pop of Lady Gaga, 1940s film noir, and the electro-gloom of Depeche Mode."
On November 29, 1986 the military government executed more than 40 people, including women and children, and burned the village of Moiwana. Three years after the attack, a statement was issued, in which Bouterse assumed direct responsibility for the murders. As a result of an Inter-American Commission on Human Rights (IACHR) investigation, the Surinamese government made a public apology to the victims' families in 2006, additionally paying compensation to the survivors. The perpetrators of the crime remained unpunished.
I.	Aayushya Asach Jagaayach Asata (One Act Play)
Gordon Appleby was an American football center. A native of Massillon, Ohio, he played for the Ohio State Buckeyes. He was named the Buckeyes team MVP in 1943, and was a fourth-team selection by the United Press for its 1944 College Football All-America Team. He helped the Buckeyes to an undefeated season in 1944.
''Murder Can Be Fun'' (E. P. Dutton 1948), as ''A Plot for Murder'' (Bantam 735, 1949)
to strengthen social and human resources to sustain growth in East Asia by alleviating economic and social disparities within and among East Asian countries.
As Iran marked the 31st anniversary of the Islamic Revolution, a high-ranking Iranian defector warned that the national unity of Iran could be threatened if the government steps up its campaign of violence against opposition groups. "If they (Iranian officials) move in the direction of violence, they will not be able to control the system and we might move in the direction in which Iran's unity then might be compromised all together," Mohammed Reza Heydari, Iran's former down graded staff in consular section of Iranian Embassy in Oslo, Norway, told CNN's Christiane Amanpour. He said that he hopes the strikes, civil disobedience, and non-violent protests in his homeland will "break the back" of the government and force it to listen to what the people say. "The cause (of) bringing the message, bringing different groups together, is starting a referendum to have free elections in Iran so all these groups can stand together and bring about a democratic government to meet the demands of all religious and ethnic minorities as well," he said. 
Twenty prizes are handed out during an annual awards show. In addition to the main prize, the Golden Eye, which honours the most successful Dutch designer or design studio, awards are handed out in a number of categories. Each category has its own selection committee, and the winners are selected by an international jury. One exception is the public award, the Audi Design Award; the winner of this prize is chosen from a shortlist by means of a public election held on the Web site of the Dutch Design Awards and in the Bijenkorf department store in Eindhoven.
Professional and semi-professional teams run academy sides to develop young talent. The Academy under- 18 league was introduced in 1991.
In 2004, Kumar recorded the song No Se Vuelve Atras with the artist Telmary Diaz and the band Qvalibre. This song was included in the soundtrack of the movie Habana Blues, in which Kumar played a supporting role. 
At the age of eight, he gave his first public performance at the opening ceremony of Bathinda Doordarshan (TV station), with his song, Charkhe Di Ghook, and thus earned the name Master Saleem. Soon he started appearing on TV shows like, Jhilmil Taare.
After 13-years, Dana returned as soloist with release "Touch You" on May 20, 2016 for S.M Entertainment project "SM Station". She starred to promotion this song on The Show on May 24.
The EoD Development Team announced on January 19, 2013, through its leader Lotte, that EoD development would cease and he would focus on a "commercial stand-alone game on a new game engine with complete new content and its own code.", and the game engine of his choice will be Unity 3D. The official website would be "frozen" once the new game is hosted in its own new domain, and on January 24, 2014, Lotte launched the new game's official domain, with the name of "Eve of Destruction: Redux".
The underground missile silo has remained the primary missile basing system and launch facility for land-based missiles since the 1960s. The increased accuracy of inertial guidance systems has rendered them somewhat more vulnerable than they were in the 1960s. The U.S. spent considerable effort and funds in the 1970s and 1980s designing a replacement, but none of the new and complex system designs were ever produced.
Lyrically, Wigmore said "I, being a girl, can be tormenting the man...I just really like that. I guess that's the feminist in me."
The crowning attire of the taupou or manaia was the traditional headdress known as the "tuiga." Coconut midribs ("tuaniu") wrapped with strips of tapa cloth were secured to a faceplate ("lave") made of turtle shell in such a way that the midribs stood upright when the faceplate was tied to the hair above the forehead; the hair was pulled upward into a tight topknot called the "foga" which was then tightly wrapped with tapa into a stiff cone to which the faceplate was tied. The earliest mention of "tuiga" refers to a headdress that was made with an intricately carved vertical "comb" called a "selu tuiga" (literally, "standing up comb"); this teeth of the "selu" were stuck into the hair at the base of the "foga," to which coconut midribs and long tropicbird ("tava'e") feathers were attached. This seems to be the form of the most ancient "tuiga" before the "selu" comb and "tava'e" feathers were replaced by the mother of pearl shell "lave" and "sega" feathers, that has now been supplanted by mirrors, sequins and dyed chicken feathers. The second component of the tuiga was the "pale fuiono," literally "the headband of nautilus shells," made of rows of pearlized nautilus shells tied to a woven headband. Often two or more "pale fuiono" were tied around the wearer's forehead. The third component was the hair ornament, essentially a large wig fashioned from the hair of female relatives. The hair was washed in salt water and dyed with coral lime and citrus juice to give the hair a reddish-brown color, and the strands were tied together to form the "ie lau'ulu" which was tied to the top of the cone that the "lave" faceplate was tied to. The last piece of the tuiga was the "ie'ula" (literally, "red dress") which consisted of strands of tiny red collared lory feathers. Today, the 'ie'ula is generally made of large colorful chicken feathers that are dyed any variety of hues besides the traditional red and white. Modern tuiga headbands also stray from the original design and the use of real "fuiono" nautilus shells is almost obsolete, even in Samoa, where the headband replicas are now fashioned with non-traditional materials such as sequins, rhinestones, and common shells such as cowries. Furthermore, the traditional multi-piece tuiga is almost never seen, having been almost completely replaced with modern one-piece replicas that resemble tall hats, complete with velcro flaps that wrap around the head and attach in the back. This contemporary version of the ancient tuiga also uses materials that were never used traditionally, such as glass mirrors, faux jewels and pearls, plastic mesh and chicken feathers. The one-piece construction and gawdy decorations of most modern tuiga are a far cry from the stately, natural multi-piece tuiga of old Samoa. 
The building was renovated in 1982 when it was re-purposed from the city hall and auditorium combination to a theater for the performing arts.  The theater was renovated again in 2007.  The theater now features continental seating (no center aisle).  Seating includes 1,253 seats in orchestra seating, 144 seats in loge seating, and 266 seats in balcony seating.
He has a cameo in the Hindi movie Kurbaan.
There are two important criteria to take into account when measuring crocodile cracking. The first is the extent of the cracking. This is the amount of road surface area which is affected by this pavement distress. The second criterion is the severity of the cracking. Severity, which has been discussed above, refers to how far the cracking has progressed, and is often directly a function of crack width. Severity may be rated  numerically, or given a rating from "low" to "severe". The rating may be entered into a pavement management system, which will suggest a priority and method for the repair.
Yutaka Fujino criticized Saikawa for his warm evaluation of Kensuke Mitsuda who was a stubborn leprosy patient segregationalist. Saikawa also criticized Mitsuda's testimony before the Welfare Committee of the House of Councillors.
Margie Day Walker died on September 18, 2014, in Norfolk, Virginia.
On 1 January 1948 the GWR, along with the other railway companies in Britain, was nationalised under the Transport Act 1947. The Brentford Branch Line, now freight-only, thus became part of the Western Region of British Railways. In 1956, the line was converted back to single track.
The relatively rare Fowler steam wagons used a boiler of this form. The main barrel of the boiler contained a nest of curved firetubes between the stayless firebox and a large open space that formed a smokebox containing a five-turn spiral tube superheater. Both tubeplates were domed inwards, making them strong enough to not require staying. The firetubes were curved to 'cause eddies in the hot gases as they rise', to allow for free expansion with heat and also to allow a perpendicular joint between tube and tubeplate.
Hoad was born in Eltham, London, on 27 December 1890. His father, Joseph, was a greyhound trainer. While playing as an amateur for Blackpool and Manchester City, he trained as a lawyer but did not pursue a career in law, instead progressing to professional football. Football was not a great source of income at this time and Hoad worked as a Court Writer and as a Commercial Traveler. He married Clara Hacking and had one daughter Nancy. Hoad died in Whitefield, Greater Manchester, on 1 January 1973 at the age of 82.
In 2008, Florida had 250 police officers per 100,000 residents.
Phoebe Caldwell has been recognized ) by BBC news and The Times. She recently won the Times/Sternberg award for her work to improve the outlook for people with severe autism.
Amos Aschbach Ettinger, ''James Edward Oglethorpe: Imperial Idealist'' (Oxford, Eng.: Clarendon Press, 1936).
A conference road trip sent UWA to Pensacola for the 2009 opener where the Tigers dropped matches to nationally ranked West Florida.  Both the men and women notched wins in their home openers against Mississippi College.  UWA then hit the road again for a tough ten-match span.  Along the way, they faced several region opponents and had much success.  The Tiger men won their first nine before dropping the finale to a tough Columbus State squad.  The women picked up four victories, and both teams returned to Livingston after several days away from campus.  In front of their home crowd, the Tigers picked up key wins and turned back Missouri-St. Louis.  The regular season concluded with a four-match homestand and two makeup matches in Tennessee.  UWA's men and women both swept region opponents Stillman and Tuskegee in 9-0 fashion.  For the second consecutive year, the women returned to the GSC Tournament, but the men did not earn a bid.  Despite their efforts, the Tiger women ended the season just under the .500 mark at 14-15.  The men's squad received a bid to the NCAA South Regional for the first time in school history. The excitement was short lived when Rollins eliminated them, but their 18-7 record set a school record for wins.  In the 2010 slate, the women finished at 16-11 overall, as the men are 18-9 and have earned their second consecutive NCAA Tournament bid.  With a 2-2 conference record, the Tiger women earned their third consecutive berth in the GSC Tournament.  Their 16 wins set a school record for wins in a season breaking the mark set in 2008.  The UWA men earned the program's first win in NCAA Tournament action with a close win over Alabama-Huntsville in the South Regional.  The win also broke a school record for victories in a season as the men recorded their 19th on the year.  In 2011, the Tiger men finished with a 14-9 overall mark.  The women's squad eclipsed their 16 wins in 2010 by earning a 17-9 record and going 2-2 in conference action. 2012 saw the women's team continue their improvement with a 19-9 overall mark and 3-4 in the conference. The 2012 men finished with a milestone season of 23-4 including a 5-2 mark in the GSC. The team won 17 straight matches during the season and qualified for the South Regional at Lynn University.
The Owensboro Transit System, is the primary provider of mass transportation in Daviess County, Kentucky. Seven routes traverse various the urbanized sectors of the region.
The first radio single was the title track, "Diamond Eyes", which was also released as a digital download on March 23, 2010. The music video for the song, directed by Roboshobo (Robert Schober), was released on April 13.
Zofloya was considered pornographic by contemporary critics. The July 1806 issue of Monthly Literary Recreations said that Zofloya was "a romance so void of merit, so destitute of delicacy, displaying such depravity of morals, as the present." Despite such criticisms, the novel sold well and was translated into French and German. According to Carol Margaret Davison, Zofloya "received little scholarly attention" although it has gained consideration in the past two decades for its gender dynamics.
Many locations are in the Greater Birmingham area, and other stores are located throughout Alabama.
2 - Mozambique, Kenya, Togo, and Sierra Leone all withdrew from preliminary competition.
The band performed during the IMRO Showcase Tour in Dublin on April 4, 2008. That year also saw the departure of their drummer Mike O'Dowd after the birth of a baby. They played at several music festivals such as that year's Indie-pendence and Electric Picnic 2008 and their music featured on Hot Press's free 16-track Un-Laoised: Irish Acts At Electric Picnic 2008 CD.
Barry Took wrote, "although today her reputation has faded, she was a popular cultural figure between the wars, helping to establish the style and flavour of British radio comedy."
The WeTab runs MeeGo T01 with a custom user interface and was made available in September 2010.
Both team supporters also keep on their rivalry in creativeness. Almost at each game Khazar Lankaran and Neftchi fans demonstrate each other different banners with astute phrases.
Mrs Taquet died in September 1989, having been in a nursing home outside Brussels just before that.
Ardeadoris undaurum is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
ALNAP Observer Members are individuals with a keen interest in humanitarian performance issues, who wish to keep up to date with ALNAP's activities and events.
October 30, 1962: "The Edge of Dreams," an exhibition of 32 paintings by Ruth Ray, an American painter in the magic realism style.
The castle plan is based on the typical Savoy castle model, the keep being attached to the surrounding wall.
Doctor Doom used magic to summon Mephisto and agreed to duel him in exchange for his mother's soul.
Multiparty elections were held in 1993. Danda was Chief Technical Adviser to the Prime Minister for Institutional Issues from 23 December 1997 to 16 April 1999.
In 2010 Michael Lamb was to testify in the Perry v. Schwarzenegger trial which challenged California Proposition 8 as being unconstitutional. Lamb testified that children do not require a male and a female parent to have a stable and healthy life growing up. Lamb stressed that childhood adjustment relied more on the relationships between the parents and the relationships the child has with their parents. While under question by lawyer David H. Thompson, who worked for the Proposition 8 campaign, Lamb had to admit that he was a member of the ACLU, the National Organization for Women, the NAACP, Amnesty International and the Nature Conservancy. Thompson called Lamb a "committed liberal." According to the United States District Court for the Northern District of California as the education and experience of each expert show, plaintiffs' experts were amply qualified to offer opinion testimony on the subjects identified. Moreover, the experts' demeanor and responsiveness showed their comfort with the subjects of their expertise. For those reasons, the court finds that each of plaintiffs' proffered experts offered credible opinion testimony on the subjects identified.
He is a leader of the Democratic Forum of Romanians in Moldova.
She prepares a batch of gazpacho laced with sedatives in anticipation of Ivan's return. She is interrupted by the arrival of Candela, seeking refuge from both the terrorists and the police, and by Carlos and Marisa, who through a series of mix-ups have found Pepa's address on their list of apartments for rent. As their disparate lives and stories begin to come together, the women are all starting to come apart. Pepa learns that Ivan is leaving town with another woman. Marisa realizes her future with Carlos is about to slip away. Candela, trapped, terrified (and, unable to get Pepa's attention in any other way) jumps out the penthouse terrace. Just as it seems things can't get any more complicated, the doctor announces Pepa's test results: she's pregnant ("On The Verge").
He has written over 250 original papers in internationally cited journals and 9 books (4 in English).
2008: ''Then What Happened?'', (What You Holdin'?), BBE
West Street Baptist Church (formerly Zion Chapel) is a Baptist church in East Grinstead, a town in the district of Mid Sussex, one of seven local government districts in the English county of West Sussex.  Founded in 1810 as a chapel linked to the Countess of Huntingdon's Connexion, it was the first Nonconformist place of worship in East Grinstead; the town's subsequent development made it a local centre of both Protestant Nonconformity and alternative religions.  The red-brick building is still used by a Baptist community, and is protected as a Grade II listed building.
Postal is a computer game franchise developed by Running With Scissors known for its excessive violence and controversial content. Each game is set in a different genre; Postal is isometric, Postal 2 is a first-person shooter and various spin-off titles were in genres such as third-person shooter and top-down shooter. A film adaptation simply titled Postal was also produced by German director Uwe Boll.
In the first decade of the 20th-century it had become apparent that a merger between Grace Cathedral and Trinity Church was necessary. On Christmas Day 1909 both congregations worshiped in Trinity Church and on the following day, which was a Sunday, they worshiped together in the cathedral. In 1910 the corporation of Trinity Church was maintained and the cathedral was renamed. 
Delaney, Tim. ''The march of unreason: science, democracy, and the new fundamentalism''. New York: Oxford University Press, 2005. ISBN 0-19-280485-5
Swa Saw Ke groomed his eldest surviving son to be his heir-apparent. But Tarabya saw his two younger half-siblings, Min Swe and Theiddat who were Swa's sons by a concubine as rivals. Because Tarabya kept picking on his half-siblings, the king had to send his two younger sons away from the Ava Palace in 1381/82. Nonetheless, circa April 1385, the king appointed Hsinbyushin his heir-apparent, and married him to Min Hla Myat, the only daughter of the powerful Gov. Thilawa of Yamethin.
Doug moved to Princeton, New Jersey in the fall of 1986 to work for Educational Testing Service. Tom joined him in 1987. They performed and recorded regularly as a duo and with other artists from 1987-1988. They joined a hard rock band known as Czar in 1988, which changed its name to Gunshy upon their joining. Gunshy were: Doug (bass, vocals), Tom (keyboards, vocals), Paul Burns (lead guitar, vocals), Rock Vitella (drums, vocals), Bill Durie (guitar, vocals). Doug had met Bill Durie when they both performed in Jesus Christ Superstar at the Bucks County Playhouse, in New Hope, PA.
With the season already in progress, he didn't find much space.  However, when he was called to the field, he played well.
In 2000, Aswini Chowdhary won the Indira Gandhi Award for Best First Film of a Director at the National Film Awards for the Haryanvi film Laddo. In 2010 the government of Haryana announced they were considering establishing a film board to promote Haryanvi-language films. Unlike other state governments, Haryana's does not subsidize the production of regional films or exempt them from the entertainment tax. At the 62nd National Film Awards, the Haryanvi movie Pagdi The Honour won the award for Best Feature Film in Haryanvi and Baljinder Kaur won the National Film Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role in the same.
Other painters of his school were Antonio Campus, Giovanni Debasteriga, and Leonardo de Serra.   The Ozieri altarpiece is attributed to his school.
During his incarceration between the second and third trials, Alcala wrote and self-published a book, You, the Jury, in which he claimed innocence in the Samsoe case and suggested a different suspect. He also filed two lawsuits against the California penal system, for a slip-and-fall incident and for refusing to provide him a low-fat diet.
His research interests include the cultural history of classical Athens, the social history of the Roman empire, the Second Sophistic (especially Apuleius) as well as forms of conflict, violence, and crime in Graeco-Roman antiquity.
Nine cabins, named Jones, Nardone, Schutt, Oak, White Pine, Maple, Birch, Hemlock and Cedar cabins, are located on the reservation. 40 campsites are available for short-term camping. Most are equipped with latrines. Some have a nearby water supply. There are also 2 lean-to sites. See 
The history of medieval philosophy is traditionally divided into two main periods: the period in the Latin West following the Early Middle Ages until the 12th century, when the works of Aristotle and Plato were preserved and cultivated and the 'golden age' of the 12th, 13th and 14th centuries in the Latin West, which witnessed the culmination of the recovery of ancient philosophy, along with a reception of its Arabic commentators, and significant developments in the field of Philosophy of religion, Logic and Metaphysics.
The RSPO is the world's largest annual meeting of oil palm industry, environmentalists, human rights advocates, and, most importantly, community members. Today, I watched as a community member from Borneo stood up in front of oil palm producers, NGOs, and technocrats, identified himself as a victim of oil palm expansion, and tore apart the falsity that some of the world's richest businessmen desperately want us to believe; the falsity that oil palm helps the world's poor:
The one who was awarded, could not nominated again within the next five years.
It is worth noting that bananas have erroneously been reported as the source of radiation alarms; they are not. Most produce contains potassium-40, but packing density of fruits and vegetables is too low to produce a significant signal. PVT does have the ability to provide some energy discrimination, which can be exploited to limit nuisance alarms from NORM.
1997:	V Juan March Cencillo Brief Novel Award for ''Experto en silencios''.
The Labour Party in Stockton considered putting up a candidate. They invited Robert Dennison, a Trade Union official with the British Steel Smelters' Association, to address them with a view to becoming their candidate but in the end decided not put forward a challenge to the wartime party truce.  Dennison did later go on to become Labour MP for Birmingham King's Norton from 1924-1929.
Raphael moved to 177 City Road. His three sons joined him as the picture-framing and picture side developed into importing and publishing.
Ramesh C. Deka delivered guest lectures as an invited faculty and distinguished visiting professor at leading centres/ institutions in Australia, France, USA, Germany, Italy, Denmark, Japan, Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Thailand, Taiwan, Republic of Korea, Bangladesh, Nepal, Sri Lanka, Riyadh (Kingdom of Saudi Arabia), Dubai (UAE) and Russia. He has also given guest lectures and orations in a large number of national and international conferences, seminars, and symposia.He also delivered the valedictory address in a workshop of the Zonal Task Force on Revised National Tuberculosis Control Programme at SRM University in Kattankulathur on 3 September 2010. Prof Deka delivered an inaugural address at the National Seminar on "Education for Cultural Sustainability" organised by Amity Institute of Education (AIE), New Delhi, sponsored by National University for Educational Planning and Administration (NUPEA) at Amity University Campus on 30 March 2011. Recently, Prof Ramesh Chandra Deka addressed the convocation ceremony at Pushpagiri Institute of Medical Sciences and Research Centre in Thiruvalla on 28 November 2011.
New Ford R-Series cpaches were bought in the 1970s - one was a fairly rare Willowbrook 002 model, after which a Plaxton Panorama Elite example and two with Duple Dominant body's were added. After the Fords, a Bedford with Van Hool bodywork which was destined not to operate in the fleet after type approval issues caused too much of a delay to its entry into service.
Because the USMLE Step 1 incorporates many clinical vignettes when testing the medical student's knowledge, it is believed that such a curriculum will result in much higher scores per student as compared to other Texas Medical Education Programs. Data regarding this belief will only be available after the first several groups of medical students have been educated through the Paul L. Foster School.
In 1833,  Charles March Phillips gave the manor of Grace Dieu to his son, Ambrose Lisle March Phillips, following his marriage.   Ambrose had converted to Roman Catholicism at an early age, and was an enthusiast for monasticism. His biographer Edmund Sheridan  Purcell says his father  had been  "anxious to see him married and settled lest his religious fervour should induce him to make vows of celibacy, which he often spoke of as the highest life, and follow up by entering the cloister or ranks of the secular clergy" The old priory buildings having fallen into ruins, he set about  building a new house to a  design in a "Tudor" style  by the London architect  William Railton.  It was built on higher ground, about 300 yards south of the priory ruins. There was  a chapel attached, later enlarged by A.W.N. Pugin. 
On television, Smitha has anchored several shows in multiple languages.
Lee started his own fashion brand 'Skullhong' in June 2014. He designs accessories, jewelry and various nail products. Skullhong is centred in Korea, and has since garnered popular support due to Lee's personal designs and phrases, like nail rings that are made of gold or silver, and catchy phrases like "Doesn't Matter". New fashionable items are regularly updated in about once a month with Lee personally designing them.
Puzzle adventure games are adventure games that put a strong emphasis on logic puzzles. They typically emphasize self-contained puzzle challenges with logic puzzle toys or games. Completing each puzzle opens more of the game's world to explore, additional puzzles to solve, and can expand on the game's story. There are often few to none non-playable characters in such games, and lack the type of inventory puzzles that typical point-and-click adventure games have. Puzzle adventure games were popularized by Myst and The 7th Guest. These both used mixed media consisting of pre-rendered images and movie clips, but since then, puzzle adventure games have taken advantage of modern game engines to present the games in full 3D settings, such as The Talos Principle. Myst itself has been recreated in such a fashion in the title realMyst. Other puzzle adventure games are casual adventure games made up series of puzzles used to explore and progress the story, exemplified by The Witness and the  Professor Layton series of games.
Zopherus species are adapted for boring into wood, some species even being reported to bore into sound wood, rather than only dead wood. Z. tristis lives under the bark of the desert tamarisk in the Colorado Desert, while Z. granicollis bores into the root crowns of Jeffrey pine (Pinus jeffreyi) and single-leaf pine (Pinus monophylla).
Joint venture sites are located all over China.
It is listed on both the New York State and National Register of Historic Places.
She was born with the name Winifred Mary Watson on 1879 in London, England, the fourth child of Lily and Samuel Watson, a solicitor in the City of London, two more children were to follow. The family were affluent enough to have Winifred educated privately in Lausanne, Switzerland and it was during her education that she found her love of writing.
Educated at Harrow School, Garrett was commissioned into the 2nd (The Queen's Royal) Regiment of Foot in 1811. He served in the Peninsular War and was present at the Battle of Fuentes de Onoro in 1811.
The first double deck route to become OMO was Route 233 serving the Roundshaw Estate near Croydon. XA class Leyland Atlanteans were fitted with periscopes so that the driver could view the upper deck. The vehicles were fitted with Johnson fareboxes, a simpler system of fare collection than the autofare system fitted to the Merlins.
He used the manufacturing part of the business to build electronics, computers and fiberglass boats from 13' fishing runabouts to a 40' houseboat. Business World did marketing, photography, printing and advertising. Prewitt wrote brochures, shot pictures, placed ads and ran a printing press. The biggest and most profitable division was Rent a Houseboat. Prewitt took the family boat and turned it into a rental business. He sometimes used a small boat to travel to school and quickly reach the houseboat. Prewitt did everything from writing contracts to maintenance. Prewitt frequently missed classes to unstop a toilet or revive the boat engine. The automotive division focused on repairs.
The television premiere drew 5.1 million viewers.
Most often electrostatic accelerators are arranged in a horizontal line.  However, some tandems may have a "U" shape, and in principle the beam can be turned to any direction with a magnetic dipole at the terminal.  Some electrostatic accelerators are arranged vertically, where either the ion source or, in the case of a "U" shaped vertical tandem, the terminal, is at the top of a tower.  A tower arrangement can be a way to save space, and also the beam line connecting to the terminal made of glass rings can take some advantage of gravity as a natural source of compression.
In 2007 a 32-meter (105-foot) high tower was erected in the park which constantly monitors the levels of methane, carbon dioxide and water vapor in the park's atmosphere.
On 18 February, along with the 137th Aero Squadron, the squadron departed for the Aviation Concentration Center, Mineola Field, Long Island, New York. After receiving equipment, it moved to the Port of Entry, Hoboken, New Jersey, on 5 March and boarded the RMS Cedric, a White Star Liner impressed into troop ship duty. The trans-Atlantic voyage to Liverpool, England, was uneventful, and the squadron arrived on 18 March. It then proceeded by train to the Romsey Rest Camp, Winchester.
Lepetodrilus tevnianus  is a species of small, deep-sea sea snail, a hydrothermal vent limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lepetodrilidae.
In June, Aeon released a music video for "Forgiveness Denied".
Movie format: Apple QuickTime MOV. H264 video codec, stereo audio track recorded through two microphones.
Shortly after being appointed Minister of Interior, Iheanacho toured the Medium Security Prison in Kuje, Abuja, where he found many unfinished projects and demanded action. He also said his ministry would work with the ministry of justice to speed up the trials of over 30,000 prison inmates still waiting trial, and to allow for release of inmates who had nor been tried after three or more years in jail.
The O2 Wireless Box II (available to new O2 customers from 2008) is a rebadged Thomson SpeedTouch TG585v7, and supports Interface type 802.11b/g. It supports 13 channels (Europe Region).  It supports WEP and WPA-PSK encryption. Unlike the original Thomson TG585v7, it does not allow changing the ADSL username and password, so it cannot be used to connect to any other service provider. 
An OCTAVE/MATLAB code http://www.mathworks.com/matlabcentral/fileexchange/27279-laplacian-in-1d-2d-or-3d is available under a BSD License, which computes the sparse matrix of the 1, 2D, and 3D negative Laplacians on a rectangular grid for combinations of Dirichlet, Neumann, and Periodic boundary conditions using Kronecker sums of discrete 1D Laplacians. The code also provides the exact eigenvalues and eigenvectors using the explicit formulas given above.
On each Daimyo's turn, they first draw a number of support tiles equal to their sword count, and ensure their troop total is equal to their rice total. They then have the option of calling a tea ceremony to exchange Daimyo honor for Samurai honor, although this is usually only done if the Daimyo has a significant amount of samurai honor. The Daimyo then passes out the character cards to the other players, assigning the Bushi as the target of his attack. The Sensei is now allowed to play any effects he wishes, such as looking at another players hand or skipping the current Daimyo's turn. Other players may then do the same, although it is twice as costly for them to do so. If Hatamoto is present he draws two additional tokens, and can place Ronins on the board. Hatamoto then has the option of leading the Ronin into revolt against the Daimyo, causing combat between Hatamoto and the Daimyo. If the Daimyo wins the Ronins are removed, but if Hatamoto wins the territory becomes neutral. The Daimyo can then position his troops to where he wishes to invade. Combat then begins between the Samurai-led Daimyo's forces and then Bushi, with the winner collecting samurai honor. If the Samurai wins the territory falls under the control of the current Daimyo and scores are adjusted. If the Samurai loses he faces the council of the Sensei, where the Sensei decides how to punish the Samurai. punishments range from 0, 2-10 honor points or Seppuku, although the Daimyo has final say on if he agrees. The Sensei then determines if all players should 'call to arms' and receive additional support tokens, and if any player had the emperors symbol they may meet the emperor for aid. The game then progresses to the next player, and the time chart advances one month.
With his death in 1972, his son Kurt-Heinz Neubronner took over the pharmacy, but in 1995 it was sold.
Emarginula bonfittoi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets.
Losey had been blacklisted in the United States when he made the film. Along with a number of other American directors and screenwriters he moved to Britain and began making films under an alias. The screenplay was written by Howard Koch who had also been blacklisted, and wrote under the name Peter Howard. The film was made at Shepperton Studios.
This marine species occurs in northern European waters off Spitzbergen.
Poppe G.T. (2004) ''Descriptions of spectacular new species from the Philippines (Gastropoda - Trochidae, Cypraeidae)''. Visaya 1(1): 4-19
Nothing in this Part shall be read or given effect in a way which prohibits or restricts discussion, criticism or expressions of antipathy, dislike, ridicule, insult or abuse of particular religions or the beliefs or practices of their adherents, or of any other belief system or the beliefs or practices of its adherents, or proselytising or urging adherents of a different religion or belief system to cease practising their religion or belief system.
He was honorary surveyor of the German Hospital at Dalston, where he is mentioned as having carried out extensive repairs by 1857.
Paziella is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.
Karin Katherine Taylor (born November 28, 1971 in Kingston, Jamaica) is a model and actress of Jamaican-Chinese and Brazilian heritage, chosen by Playboy as its Playmate of the Month for June 1996. Taylor also appeared on Malcolm and Eddie, Weird Al Show, Keenen Ivory Wayans Show,and Baywatch in addition to guest hosting on E!.
Arlene Limas (born February 9, 1966) is an American taekwondo practitioner and multiple international gold medalist. Limas, who is of Mexican and Polish descent, graduated with honors from Whitney Young Magnet High School in Chicago and received a bachelor's degree in Political Science from De Paul University in 1990.
Located inside the Bettendorf city limits are two of the district's four elementary schools (Pleasant View and Riverdale Heights, as well as the brand new Hopewell Elementary which opened in the 2011-2012 school year), Pleasant Valley High School and the administrative center. Junior high students are bussed to Pleasant Valley Junior High School, on the outskirts of LeClaire. In LeClaire, in-town elementary students attend Bridgeview Elementary while students living in outlying areas are assigned to Cody Elementary.
The community are mainly owner cultivators, with many being substantial landowners, and inhabit villages that are exclusively Muley Jat. Animal husbandry and poultry are secondary occupations. The Muley Jat have a tribal council, known as a khap panchayat. Offences that are dealt with by the tribal council include adultery, elopement, disputes over land and water, and theft. It is also used to maintain a system of social control over members of the community, particularly with regards to marriage. They speak Khari Boli among themselves, and Urdu with outsiders.
There was an informal charm about Mr. Copeland's performances of the Geminiani and Haydn Sonatas and the Chopin Waltz and Etude. He played as though he were playing for a group of intimate friends, and not for a Town Hall audience. His unceremonious approach served him less well with the Schumann "Etudes Symphoniques," which will not stand for anything less than the most professional treatment. Here his technical shortcomings were too prominent to permit even a passably accurate account of the music.
Ambriz began the 2015 season pitching in the Independent league. On May 10, 2015, he signed a minor league deal with the Washington Nationals.
Palantir Metropolis is used by hedge funds, banks, and financial services firms.
Korea was a sending country which sent farmers, miners, nurses and laborers to the United States, Germany and the Middle East. The Korean diaspora around the world consisted of 6.82 million people, as of 2009; there were 2.34 million Koreans in China and 2.1 million Korean Americans.  The total Korean diaspora (which reached over seven million in 2007)  declined by 0.22 million in 2009.
The Santa Rita Mountains lie to the north across the Sonoita Valley. Both the Patagonias and the Santa Ritas are east of the Santa Cruz River Valley. Arizona State Route 82 winds through the Sonoita Valley along Sonoita Creek which flows between the Santa Ritas and the Patagonias. Patagonia Lake and the town of Patagonia are located in the Sonoita Valley. 
It is near General Mosconi, Salta, and its population relies on local petroleum extraction.
IGN listed Dark Samus as the 88th best video game villain.
Based in Seattle, Washington in the United States, eNotes specializes in lesson plans, study guides and literary criticisms and is widely cited across the web. It also hosts active forums where students can ask educators academic questions.
Greatrex was born in Ashford, Kent. Brought up in Tunbridge Wells, he attended The Judd School between 1986 and 1993, before studying Economics, Government and Law at the London School of Economics, graduating in 1996.
When the custom of writing on flags began is up for debate.  Some sources indicate that signed flags became part of the military man's off-to-war gear, along with a "Thousand-stitch sash" (senninbari), during the First Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895.)  Any good luck flags that pre-date the Manchurian Incident (1931) should be considered rare.  It is generally agreed that most hinomaru yosegaki seen today come from just before or during the period of the Second Sino-Japanese War (1937-1945.)
At the start of August 2011, he again defected to the Opposition, and this time helped to successfully bring down the government in a parliamentary motion of no confidence. Peter O'Neill became Prime Minister, and appointed Pala as his Minister for Foreign Affairs, Trade and Immigration.
A scope clause is part of a contract between an airline and a pilot union. Generally, these clauses are used by the union of a major airline to limit the number and/or size of aircraft that airline may contract out to a Regional airline. The goal is to protect union jobs at the major airline from being eliminated by regional airlines operating larger aircraft.
"As to the Czechoslovak citizens of German and Hungarian nationality, who were Czechoslovak citizens prior to the Munich Pact in 1938, their citizenship will be confirmed and their eventual return to the Republic may be permitted only in the following categories: for anti-Nazis and anti-Fascists who fought against Henlein and Hungarian irredentism, who fought for Czechoslovakia, and who after the Munich Pact and after March 15 were persecuted for their loyalty to Czechoslovakia.... The Czechoslovak citizenship of the other Czechoslovak German and Hungarian citizens will be cancelled. Although they may again express a choice for Czechoslovakia, public authorities will retain the right of individual decision."
Lai Chi Chong has been designated as a Site of Special Scientific Interest since 1985. It is located within Sai Kung West Country Park.
The Supreme Court of the District of Columbia held in favor of Tayloe. Willard appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court, which granted certiorari.
Op. 35:  Cantata in Memory of Vasily Zhukovsky (after Weinberg), for mixed choir and piano (1902)
Detroit 1-8-7 has an average score of 63/100 on Metacritic based on 22 reviews from television critics. Robert Bianco of USA Today describes the series as the best police drama on ABC since NYPD Blue ended. Bianco says the show's best trait is its uncommon setting and that it is filmed where it is set, "which gives it an authenticity and a palpable sense of place." The New York Times's television critic Alessandra Stanley said the show is "a throwback to an earlier era of cop shows when steel-edged realism was still novel and there was a thrill to watching terse, streetwise detectives on shows like Dragnet and Kojak cajole witnesses and browbeat suspects."
Recommendations for living at Superdensity (Published by Design for Homes, 2007: Working in collaboration with three other architectural practices (HTA, PRP and PTE Architects), Levitt Bernstein prepared a design guide tackling the challenges of living at densities higher than 150 dwellings per hectare.
Peter Blankenstein as Alan, a man who is taken by Martin when he complains about the ATM having no cash.
Occasionally trains continued to call, wholly unofficially, at both Glencarron and Duncraig. In 1974 Duncraig was restored to the public timetable. Glencarron was not accorded this honour and remained an unofficial stopping place, on prior request to the traincrew, into the 1990s. As an unofficial stopping place it received no maintenance and steadily decayed. Trains no longer stop here and little trace remains of the platform.
The International Organization for Biological and Integrated Control of Noxious Animals and Plants is usually referred to as the International Organization for Biological Control or IOBC. It is a professional organization affiliated with the International Union of Biological Sciences (IUBS) and aims to be an effective advocate for biological control, integrated pest management (IPM) and integrated production (IP).
There are hundreds of Pakistanis in Indonesia, mainly of Punjabi origin, who work in various textile and rice production industries. Statistics from the Overseas Pakistanis Foundation in 2004 outlined as many as 400 although numbers have grown; roughly 100 Pakistani families reside in Jakarta and another 300 in other cities. Additionally, there is a large second and third generation of individuals, originally descendants of Pakistani soldiers who came to fight in 1945 as part of the British Indian Army alongside the Indonesian military against the Axis forces and the Japanese.
The Security Council, extending MINURSO's mandate for a final time, noted that Chad would be responsible for the protection of the civilian population in eastern Chad, including humanitarian and United Nations personnel. Furthermore, it called upon Chad to take action in this regard, for example by the demilitarisation of refugee camps. The Council requested both Chad and the United Nations to assess the situation on the ground on a monthly basis.
Engro Corporation is a Pakistani public multinational corporation based in Karachi with subsidiaries involved in production of fertilizers, foods, chemicals, energy and petrochemicals.
Finally, Rothstein indicated that studies revealed then, as they still do now, that student reading was on the decline while television-watching by American youth was on the increase. These dual social trends, when combined, could negatively impact student verbal scores at higher rates than their math scores.  However, it should be noted these behaviors also lower math scores - a point that Rothstein could have overlooked. What Rothstein could not anticipate in 2002 is the exponential proliferation of text messages teenagers send and receive, and the potential for negative ramifications of that activity when it comes to progressing with their verbal skills.  The New York Times notes that this "phenomenon is beginning to worry physicians and psychologists, who say it is leading to anxiety, distraction in school, falling grades, repetitive stress injury and sleep deprivation."   There may indeed be cause for concern as Neilsen's reported in 2008 that "American teenagers sent and received an average of 2,272 text messages per month in the fourth quarter of 2008 ... almost 80 messages a day, more than double the average of a year earlier (Ibid.).  Neilsen's 2010 report indicates a 47 percent increase in teen texting to 3,339 texts per month (4,050 for female teens).
The release of the first sequel to the original game, Hyperdimension Neptunia mk2, saw the introduction of a reworked game engine and the replacement of various components such as the battle system and dungeons, which were completely rebuilt from scratch. Hyperdimension Neptunia Victory later built on this, with the parts from mk2 which were considered "weak" by the developers removed and improved, eventually setting Victory as the foundation for the design of future titles within the series. Following Compile Heart's collaboration with David Production to produce the Neptunia television animation series, the developers were able to change their approach to direction and script-writing based on their experience with the anime development staff, which resulted in the changes to the narrative found in the Re;Birth games on PlayStation Vita.
A yacht was given one point for finishing.
United Nations Security Council resolution 1280, adopted on 3 December 1999, after recalling resolutions 1242 (1999), 1266 (1999) and 1275 (1999) concerning the Oil-for-Food Programme, the Council, acting under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter, extended provisions relating to the export of Iraqi petroleum or petroleum products in return for humanitarian aid for one week until 11 December 1999.
On 27 July 2016, Zozulya signed a three-year contract with La Liga side Real Betis.
He is the first Iraq war Veteran to have qualified for the U.S. Paralympic team.
He is buried in the Lone Fir Cemetery in Portland.
"at the national level the state recognizes one and only one organization (say, a national labour union, a business association, a farmers' association) as the sole representative of the sectoral interests of the individuals, enterprises or institutions that comprise that organization's assigned constituency. The state determines which organizations will be recognized as legitimate and forms an unequal partnership of sorts with such organizations. The associations sometimes even get channelled into the policy-making processes and often help implement state policy on the government's behalf."
SO is equal to Polynomial hierarchy, more precisely we have that formula in prenex normal form where existential and universal of second order alternate k times are the kth level of the polynomial hierarchy.
Prosecutors noted that the 11 men convicted in the Virginia Jihad Network had also used paintball training to simulate small-unit tactical operations. Officials noted that five Muslims later convicted of a plot to kill American soldiers at Fort Dix, New Jersey had also done paintball training.
He died in Tbilisi in 1988. His former home in Tbilisi was turned into a museum in the same year.
''A Victorian Engineer: the life of Percy G. B. Westmacott (1830-1917)'', Editors Mabel Noble, Dorothy Boyd. 1973, Eyre and Spottiswoode Ltd.
Madhusudan Kela is the Chief Investment Strategist at Reliance Capital. His last assignment was with Reliance Capital Asset Management as Head - Equity Investments.
Crowds of Kyrgyz from the countryside flocked to Osh, Jalal-Abad, and other towns to join the local Kyrgyz and Uzbek crowds to attack each other's neighborhoods. From 11 June through 14 June, there were killings and tortures, looting and setting fire to homes and businesses.
During a postgame chat with Sun Sports' Jason Jackson on January 3, 2011, LeBron James joked "I see we sell out 99.1 percent on the road, so we call ourselves the Heatles off the Beatles, so every time we take our show on the road we bring a great crowd", giving the Heat's famed trio the unofficial nickname.
In the debut episode, Caceres faced Paul Barrow, who was 3-0 going into the show. Caceres, who smiled almost the entire fight, would go to defeat Barrow via submission (rear naked choke) in the first round.
Earth Shaker Rock is a compilation album, containing songs of the German heavy metal band Warlock and songs coming from Warlock singer Doro Pesch's first two solo albums. It is the last album issued under the Warlock moniker and was released on CD in 1999 by the British label Connoisseur Collection, specialized in compilation albums of various recording artists.
It has a commentary of Theophylact.
Following the performance at the MTV Video Music Awards, the song was re-purposed as a remix using one of the verses and additional ad-libs from Blige's original version in place of T.I.'s verse. This version also features part of the first verse of the original Ace Spectrum song preceding the first chorus, as well as some minor alterations to the music in the bridge.
They are further subdivided into 8 commune-level towns (or townlets), 144 communes, and 12 wards.
Bob Bryan and Mike Bryan were the defending champions but lost in the semifinals to David Ferrer and Fernando Vicente.
Ranbir Kapoor played the role of a deaf and mute man in the film. According to Kapoor, he took inspiration from screen legends such as the Academy Award winning actor, Roberto Benigni, Charlie Chaplin and his grandfather Raj Kapoor. Due to the protagonist's physical disability, Basu did not want to use any sign-language but, some behavioral patterns in the film. Kapoor described his character as a regular, happy-go-lucky and good hearted guy.
Thunder Alley is a 1967 film about auto racing, directed by Richard Rush and starring Annette Funicello and Fabian Forte. It was released by American International Pictures.
Quarterback Reggie Perry led the team in passing, completing 131 of 255 passes for 1,574 yards with three touchdowns and 12 interceptions.  Deon Strother led the team in rushing with 129 carries for 614 yards and seven touchdowns. Johnnie Morton led the team in receiving with 49 catches for 662 yards and no touchdowns.  
The leadership race for the 2015/16 full-time officer team will take place in March 2015. The results will be announced by Staffs TV on Friday 13 March 2015
Fan, compressor or turbine blade failures have to be contained within the engine casing. To do this the engine has to be designed to pass blade containment tests as specified by certification authorities.
The Eastern part of the Island is in Nunavut.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.
McDonald was born in Saginaw, Michigan on August 3, 1922. He was sponsored by the Saginaw Malleable Iron Division to attend the General Motors Institute in Flint, Michigan, later known as Kettering University, where he combined engineering courses with time spent in the company's foundries. He served in the United States Navy as a submarine engineer during World War II.
As of the census of 1990 and 2000, there were 25 people living in Antioch.
Keibu is a village in Padise Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia.
	Finch, who was known for believing that the most important thing in his life was being a good clinician, went through two divorces and three marriages thereafter. After the University of Rochester Medical School, Finch accepted a fellowship with Joe Ross at Boston University. Ross is responsible for introducing Finch to academic medicine, collaborating on work on iron metabolism and blood preservation which was relevant to the political setting of the time with the nation at war. Finch conducted post-graduate work at Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston, working with acclaimed physicians such as Soma Weiss, Eugene A. Stead and Charles Janeway. In 1948 after not being able to join the military due to pneumonia, Finch (after turning down numerous job offerings of recruitment) started his career at the University of Washington, which he preferred for the landscape and surrounding environment which offered him access to his favorite hobbies such as mountain climbing. One year later in 1949, he became University of Washington's first Chief of Hematology.
This constituency has always been a MMM bastion since 1976 but is now disputed between the three main political parties, the MSM, MMM and the Mauritian Labour Party .It has recorded a total number of 46,179 voters in the 2010 elections .
The larvae feed on Crassula alba and Cotyledon orbiculata.
Bachorza is a manor house located in the village of Bachorza in Masovian Voivodeship, in central-eastern Poland. It was originally built in the late 17th century, but was subsequently redesigned in the mid-19th century. Bachorza was home to many distinguished Polish families and is a good example of neo-classical Polish manorial architecture.
In 1919, Donaldson moved to New York where he operated a gymnasium. He committed suicide in New York City on 1 September 1933.
The former head of PR structures of Menatep Bank, ROSPROM Management Company, Yukos oil company, a member of the Board of Directors of ORT television, Vice President of mass media holding Sistema Company.
Burnt Cape Ecological Reserve is a nature reserve located within the town of Raleigh, Newfoundland and Labrador, and just northwest of Pistolet Bay Provincial Park. It has a large area of exposed limestone and a naturally harsh climate that permits the growth of rare dwarf flora often found in arctic and alpine areas.
In late 2003, Chessie successor CSX Transportation finally undertook the renovation. The project included extensive work on the miter rails, the mechanisms that allow the rails to be connected and disconnected as the bridge is opened and closed. Because the bridge could not be opened during construction, close coordination was required between the contractors; CSX, which controlled rail traffic; and the U.S. Coast Guard, which controlled marine traffic. The rehabilitation was completed on time in May 2004.
Moose Creek No. 33 (2006 Population 365) is a rural municipality in Saskatchewan, Canada encompassing 842.03 square kilometers in area. The rural municipality in conjunction with the provincial government is in charge of maintenance of highways in its area. As well, the municipality provides policing, fire protection and municipal governance for the rural district, with a reeve as its administrator. The rural municipality was established on January 1, 1911.
The Board of Governors is a working board, which works together collaboratively to ensure they are providing for the best interests of the membership.
A limited edition box set for the album was released on November 1, 2011 with all proceeds going to the American Cancer Society. It contains four LPs featuring:  the Tomboy full length with slightly different mixing on two LPs, Noah's single mixes on one LP, and several Tomboy unreleased instrumentals and a cappellas, plus "The Preakness" and a 16-page art booklet.
Another method of achieving the same result is the use of a laser to heat the silicon locally without heating the underlying substrate beyond some upper temperature limit. An excimer laser or, alternatively, green lasers such as a frequency-doubled Nd:YAG laser is used to heat the amorphous silicon, supplying energy necessary to nucleate grain growth. The laser fluence must be carefully controlled in order to induce crystallization without causing widespread melting. Crystallization of the film occurs as a very small portion of the silicon film is melted and allowed to cool. Ideally, the laser should melt the silicon film through its entire thickness, but not damage the substrate. Toward this end, a layer of silicon dioxide is sometimes added to act as a thermal barrier. This allows the use of substrates that cannot be exposed to the high temperatures of standard annealing, polymers for instance. Polymer-backed solar cells are of interest for seamlessly integrated power production schemes that involve placing photovoltaics on everyday surfaces.
The Claysville "S" Bridge is a historic S bridge in Washington County, Pennsylvania.  The bridge is made of stone and was a part of the Cumberland Road (later National Road) and helped transport wagons and stagecoaches amid the American westward expansion in the early 19th century.  It passes over Buffalo Creek.
File:Mihrab Mhamed Bey.png
From 1824 until his retirement in 1867 Mitchell held the post of Inspector of Highland Roads and Bridges. He also acted as engineer for the Scottish Fisheries Board. He carried out surveys for the railways and was involved in the construction of much of the rail network in the Highlands, including the Perth to Inverness line.
Batakiai is a town in Taurage County, Lithuania. According to the 2001 census, the town has a population of 380 people.
The Temple's general form is reminiscent of Egyptian sanctuaries and closely matches that of other ancient temples in the region. The detailed descriptions provided in the Tanakh are the sources for reconstructions of its appearance. Technical details are lacking, since the scribes who wrote the books were not architects or engineers. Nevertheless, the descriptions have inspired modern replicas of the temple and influenced later structures around the world.
James Leland Sims was a provincial politician from Alberta, Canada. He served as a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1955 to 1959 sitting with the Liberal caucus in opposition.
Noir will be re-launched with the SS12 collection, presenting one consolidated and commercially aware brand and a collection in which Noir and Bllack Noir are merged into one brand.
The album sees Mat Sinner (Primal Fear, Sinner) and Magnus Karlsson (Starbreaker, Primal Fear) handling most of the songwriting, with more contributions from the former After Forever guitarist Sander Gommans and Amanda Somerville herself. Mat Sinner oversaw the production and mixing of the songs at various recording studios in Europe.
In 1999 she was invested as a cantor and then ordained as a rabbi in 2001 by HUC-JIR, an American seminary for Reform Judaism. She became assistant rabbi and cantor at Westchester Reform Temple, which in 2003 had membership of over 1,200 families.
The Mexico Ledger is the only daily newspaper published in Mexico, Missouri, United States and the surrounding rural area.  The current owner is GateHouse Media of Fairport, New York.
Europass CS specification.
It was abolished in 1974 and became part of the larger district of Medway. Initially city status was maintained by charter trustees for the former area of the borough. Following the renaming of the new district to Rochester-upon-Medway in 1979, city status was conferred on the entire district in 1982.
Bacterial DNA is packed with the help of polyamines and proteins. Protein-associated DNA occupies about 1/4 of the intracellular volume forming a concentrated viscous phase with liquid crystalline properties, called the nucleoid. Similar DNA packaging exists also in chloroplasts and mitochondria. Bacterial DNA is sometimes referred to as the bacterial chromosome. Bacterial nucleoid evolutionary represents an intermediate engineering solution between the protein-free DNA packing in viruses and protein-determined packing in eukaryotes.
It is found in Ghana, Guinea, Ivory Coast, Liberia, Sierra Leone, and Togo.
winners are in bold text.
Kirsten Heiberg was also very active in the German welfare for the troops (Truppenbetreuung), traveling around the country, also abroad, singing for the German soldiers.
This species occurs in the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico.
On August 10, 2010, Evancho performed on a special YouTube quarter-final edition of the fifth season of America's Got Talent.  She was selected to perform after submitting an audition clip on YouTube of "Panis Angelicus" that received the most viewer votes of any submission.  In her first performance on the show, Evancho sang "O Mio Babbino Caro", receiving a standing ovation, and was awarded a trip to Universal Studios Florida for receiving the most fan votes of all the YouTube submissions to the show.
The set of environments used for a DTAP cycle is often called a DTAP street.
In his youth he was educated in Jamaica along with George Frederick, his brother. He became "king" following the death of his brother and predecessor, George Frederick, who was murdered by his own wife, and was subsequently crowned in British Honduras (now Belize) on 23 April 1824. A number of writers in the nineteenth century described the rapid succession of several kings between George Frederic and Robert Charles Frederic, which Olien has challenged on the basis of a careful reading of the original sources.
Wick Communications (formerly known as Wick Newspaper Group) is a family-owned community news company with 28 newspapers and 18 specialty publications in 12 states. The home offices are in Sierra Vista, Arizona, and it has newspapers in Arizona, Louisiana, Montana, Colorado, Alaska, California, North Carolina, North Dakota, South Dakota, Idaho and Oregon.
The Lady of the Lake is a 1928 British romance film directed by James A. FitzPatrick and starring Percy Marmont, Benita Hume and Lawson Butt. It is based on the 1810 poem The Lady of the Lake by Walter Scott.
Homer began the canvas in New York in 1873, after he had visited Gloucester, Massachusetts, where he first worked in watercolor. He used the sketches made there, of which the most closely related is Sailing the Catboat (1873), for the oil painting, which he worked on over three years. Infrared reflectography has revealed the many changes he made to the composition during this time, including the removal of a fourth boy near the mast and a second schooner in the distance. At one point the adult held both the sheet and the tiller, a position initially adapted from an oil study of 1874 titled The Flirt. The painting's message is positive; despite the choppy waves, the boaters look relaxed. The anchor that replaced the boy in the bow was understood to symbolize hope. The boy holding the tiller looks forward to the horizon, a statement of optimism about his future and that of the young United States. 
The community is part of the Terre Haute Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Thomas H. Fallon was a Massachusetts educator, lawyer, politician who served as the Mayor of Malden, Massachusetts, and United States Administrative Law Judge for the Social Security Administration.
The Black Widow is a 1951 British thriller, directed by Vernon Sewell and starring Christine Norden and Robert Ayres.  The film was a B-movie production by Hammer Film Productions and was based on a radio serial entitled Return from Darkness.
A radio adaptation was broadcast on the Lux Radio Theatre on October 9, 1950, with Douglas and Peters reprising their roles.
Roberto Martinez: Former U.S. attorney and now on the State Board of Education.
Hardcore pornography involving actors and models, both on film and in photographs, is much more difficult to come by, and almost impossible to produce and distribute domestically because of the ban. Therefore, cartoon pornography is an increasingly popular alternative in India to hardcore content performed by people. Although various websites and print outlets besides kirtu.com exist, animated pornography in general is often referred to simply as "kirtu".
She was elected to the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly in 1955 from Attili, West Godavari district.
Kanksa (Vidhan Sabha constituency) was an assembly constituency in Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal.
Barnsley Broncos is a rugby league team based in Barnsley, South Yorkshire, England. They play in the Yorkshire and Lincolnshire division of the Rugby League Conference.
Sydney to Hong Kong, 40 days, a fast time.
The show reunites Cross with Arrested Development co-star Will Arnett; the two also appear together on the Fox sitcom Running Wilde, which premiered before, but was produced after, Todd Margaret.
In June 2010, Wagih penned a two-year contract to join Zamalek from El-Masry as a free agent.
On January 6, 2016, the Caucus membership elected attorney Fran Watson as its president.  Watson is the first African-American woman to serve as president.
The 156th Ohio Infantry mustered out of service September 1, 1864, at Camp Dennison.
The track received mixed opinions from music critics.
When confronted with a novel environment, animals from non-sessile non-predatory animal species will often engage in exploratory behavior. Together with his mentor Hans van Abeelen, Crusio hypothesized that, on one hand, this would be advantageous (as it would enable animals to find resources, such as water, food, etc.), but, on the other hand, disadvantageous (because moving around in unfamiliar territory will render an animal vulnerable to predation). Such stabilizing selection would be expected to lead to a genetic architecture characterized by ambidirectional dominance. This was indeed found both for mice and for Paradise fish.
He was born in Jefferson, Ohio on May 17, 1846. 
Flann Ua Aedha, Abbot of Aran, died 1110.
The church building has had electricity since 1952, but lacks plumbing. There are outdoor restrooms with plumbing adjacent to the picnic shelter. Before the picnic shelter and restrooms were installed, an outdoor privy was used; it was still standing as of 1998.
Priory of St. Thomas near Stafford was an Augustinian religious house near Stafford, Staffordshire, England. Founded sometime in approximately 1174, it was a surrendered to the Crown in 1538, during the Dissolution of the Monasteries. 
Rhynchephestia rhabdotis is a moth of the Pyralidae family. It is endemic to Maui.
Despite the Loveberry excavation, the Brown mound remains one of the most important Adena mounds in Ohio.  It is one of the largest known Adena mounds, and it has been damaged less than almost every other large Adena mound; accordingly, it is a highly valuable archaeological site.  In recognition of its archaeological value, the Austin Brown Mound was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.  It is one of eighteen archaeological sites on the Register in Ross County; among the other seventeen is the Charles Metzger Mound, another Adena mound in the close vicinity of the Brown mound.
The UCL Faculty of Engineering Sciences is one of the 11 constituent faculties of University College London (UCL). The Faculty, the UCL Faculty of Mathematical and Physical Sciences and the UCL Faculty of the Built Envirornment (The Bartlett) together form the UCL School of the Built Environment, Engineering and Mathematical and Physical Sciences. 
Later in the week, EU Justice Commissioner Viviane Reding called the expulsions "a disgrace", stating in a briefing on 14 September 2010 that "This is a situation I had thought Europe would not have to witness again after the Second World War", and suggesting the European Commission may take legal action against France over the matter.
In September 2011, Six Flags announced the addition of SkyScreamer to two more parks, Six Flags Fiesta Texas and Six Flags Great Adventure. On January 19, 2012, Six Flags announced that La Ronde would also receive a Star Flyer tower. On May 19, 2012, La Ronde opened their attraction, using the name Vol Ultime (French for "Ultimate Flight") instead of SkyScreamer. On May 23, 2012, Six Flags Great Adventure opened SkyScreamer as part of their new Adventure Alley section, which was based around the idea of retro-style amusement rides. On May 27, 2012, Six Flags Fiesta Texas opened their SkyScreamer in the Spassburg section of the park; season passholders were allowed to experience the ride one day earlier.
In 1770, on the sudden death of Charles Yorke, which occurred on 20 January, immediately after his acceptance of the office of lord chancellor in succession to Lord Camden, the Rockingham administration, being unable to find any lawyer of ability and character to succeed him, determined to put the great seal in commission; and Sir Sidney Stafford Smythe of the Exchequer, Sir Richard Aston of the King's Bench, and the Hon. Henry Bathurst of the Common Pleas, were selected as commissioners. These three judges, having had no experience of chancery business, in the space of a year (1770-1) committed so many blunders that a change was plainly necessary. Accordingly, on 21 January 1771, the three commissioners delivered up the great seal, and on the same day it was redelivered to one of them, the Hon. Henry Bathurst. It was by Aston, sitting with Lord Mansfield in the court of King's Bench at Westminster, that in 1777 sentence of fine and imprisonment was passed upon John Horne (afterwards John Horne Tooke) for a seditious libel in advertising a subscription in relief 'of the widows, orphans, and aged parents of our beloved American fellow subjects, who, faithful to the character of Englishmen, and preferring death to slavery, were, for that reason only, inhumanly murdered by the king's troops at or near Lexington and Concord in the province of Massachusetts.
Mohd Zamir Selamat (born 9 June 1989), is a Malaysian footballer who currently plays for Perak as a Goalkeeper. He was called up by Malaysia 2009 coach K. Rajagobal for various upcoming tournaments such as the Ho Chi Minh City Cup, the 2010 Asian Games and the 2010 AFF Suzuki Cup. Zamir was one of the players that participate in the Slovakian Tour for Harimau Muda A on 5 September 2010 until 9 November 2010 .
The Sainted Sisters is a 1948 comedy film starring Veronica Lake and co-starring Joan Caulfield, Barry Fitzgerald, George Reeves, William Demarest and Beulah Bondi. The film was distributed by Paramount Pictures and is notable for being the last film Veronica Lake made under her contract with the studio.
However, Richard's individual style and the content of his work developed along personal lines. A gifted teacher himself, Schmid has generously shared this knowledge through his books and through his mentoring of young artists. Richard Schmid is widely viewed as an American Master by his collectors and peers and students.
It occurs typically among root and vegetable crops on light soils that are fairly base-poor, being displaced by assemblages such as the Stellaria - Capsella community in areas that are more intensively fertilised.
In the first seasons of the show, Dick and Strudwick appeared to be friends, and were seen playing physics-related games together in the second season episode Dick Behaving Badly. Also, in the fourth season episode Power Mad Dick, Mary is made Dean of the School of Arts and Sciences and Dick believes that this gives him her authority, and one of the changes he makes is giving Strudwick a pay raise.
The existence of the Great Pacific garbage patch, the first to be discovered, was predicted in a 1988 paper published by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) of the United States. The prediction was based on results obtained by several Alaska-based researchers between 1985 and 1988 that measured neustonic plastic in the North Pacific Ocean.
Shapira-Luria was also known for her beauty, and she taught Talmud to elite young men from behind a curtain so that they would not get distracted by her appearance.
In a review of The Secrets of Scientology, Metro commented, "Thankfully, there was exemplary investigative journalism on show, with the BBC man unbowed by closed avenues of inquiry or alleged surveillance." JOE.ie highlighted the documentary as its "Pick of the night" in television. The Independent selected the film as its recommendation for "Pick of the day"; it was also recommended by The Daily Telegraph, The Daily Mail, Bristol Evening Post, and Wales on Sunday. David Chater of The Times called Mike Rinder a "whistleblower", commenting, "Mike Rinder, erstwhile spokesman for the Church of Scientology and the former head of its Office of Special Affairs, has turned whistleblower and describes the operation against Sweeney last time round." Fiona Mayhem of Watch With Mothers assessed the documentary as, "a bit of a disappointing effort which could have been made more entertaining ... or more informative, by exploring more what it is about the tenets of the cult that former members still hold so dear. Still, for those with no prior knowledge of the religion, this was a decent starter pack." Paddy Sherman of the Liverpool Echo called the documentary an "in-depth look at the workings of the church". The Guardian referred to it as "a very disturbing video documentary made for the BBC programme Panorama". In an analysis of the documentary for Catholic Online, associate editor Randy Sly noted the programme's ratings success in the UK, and commented, "People in England seemingly can't get enough when it comes to revelations about Scientology."
Kandi (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is an assembly constituency in Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal.
Later, however, he repudiated the doctrine entirely. ref
Ka'Kabish is believed to have been initially occupied during the Maya Late Pre-Classic Period (ca. 400 BCE- 200 CE) with one temple securely dated to this time and a second tentatively dated to this period. Material recovered from the tops of some of the buildings suggest that the city was in use at least until end of the Classic Period (900 CE), while evidence from the residential zone surrounding the city indicates a thriving occupation as late as the end of the Early Post-Classic Period (1200 CE).
Arnim Dahl is then seen jumping on board a tram, and Dahl is featured for the remainder of the sequence.
The system has been expanded to enable physicians to include their local drug costs in the modelling.  A recent study of data from an Indian cohort demonstrated that the system was able to identify combinations of three locally available drugs with a higher probability of success than the regimen prescribed in the clinic, including those cases where the treatment used in the clinic failed. Moreover, in all these cases some of the alternatives were less costly than the regimen used in the clinic, suggesting that the system could be not only help avoid treatment failure but also reduce costs.
The title of this episode comes from lyrics to the Broadway musical number "I Know Things Now" from Stephen Sondheim's Into the Woods.
Ink Inc.  was a professional wrestling stable, consisting of Shannon Moore, Jesse Neal, and their valet Toxxin, in the professional wrestling promotion Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA).
He was a member of the United Nations scientific committee on the effects of atomic radiation.
The Allmusic review by Stephen Thomas Erlewine states "Walter Davis Jr.'s debut record as a leader for Blue Note is a terrific hard bop session, a driving collection of six original tunes that emphasize the strengths not only of the pianist himself, but also his supporting band... It all adds up to a wonderful straight-ahead hard bop date, one that's so good it's a wonder that Davis didn't receive another chance to lead a session until 1979.
He spoke German, English, French, Spanish, Italian, Serbian and studied Chinese. He died in Belgrade after a short illness on 16 November 2014.
Nicholas B. Vassilieve was born on November 26 (8 December) 1875 in the village of Uglich in the Pogorelki county of the Yaroslavl province. His father, a native peasant, later became a member of the merchant class in St. Petersburg.
Bharuch by road. NH 8 offers excellent connectivity to the village as  
In 2011, two one off specials of WANNA-BEn broadcast on TV3 based around key events in New Zealand - the Rugby World Cup and the General Election.
In mathematics, the uniform limit theorem states that the uniform limit of any sequence of continuous functions is continuous.
Lorillard Suydam Spencer (July 4, 1883 - June 10, 1939) was president of Atlantic Aircraft and was prominent in Newport, Rhode Island society. He served as the military secretary to  Charles Seymour Whitman, the New York Governor.
In the fourth bay west from Broadway along the north side is the building's main business entrance. A small set of steps leads up to a heavy wooden door with transom. A similar secondary entrance is in the fourth bay from the east facde, just west of a large loading door similar to that in the middle of the east facade. Along the south is a large metal canopy, and another loading door is in the center. The west of the building has loading doors on the first and second floors.
A diverse range of students from all walks of life are attracted to the National Open University of Nigeria just like other prominent Open Universities such as the Open University of United Kingdom (OU); for most courses there are no stringent entry requirements other than the ability to study at an appropriate level such as the West African Examination, and other National Diplomas to qualify for a Direct entry admission. Though most postgraduate courses require evidence of previous study and/or equivalent life experience. This fundamental open admissions policy makes undergraduate university study accessible to all.
On February 3, 2014, the Casino closed down after eventually going out of business, resulting in the loss of 115 staff jobs. As to what will become of the building itself is currently to be confirmed. The casino was also a funding source for the reservation's fire department. Solar Developer and Tribal Enterprise company Bio Star Solar are tipped to head up the next project concerning the Highway 79 site location in question, of which exact plans remain unseen at this time.
In reply, the Indians struggled with the bat during the second, rain affected day; Somerset's Charl Willoughby took five wickets against a batting line-up which showed its lack of match practice. On the third morning, Suresh Raina controlled the strike well to bat his way to a century and stake his claim for a place in first Test, dominating a final wicket partnership of 84. Somerset once more look assured with the bat during their second innings, in which Strauss reached a century, eventually finishing 109 not out, and Peter Trego scored a rapid 85 runs from 57 balls. Somerset declared at tea on the final day, leaving India only a short period to bat in the second innings. The match finished as a draw, but Somerset coach Andrew Hurry suggested that Somerset had "bullied" India, and that it had been "a perfect three days" for Strauss.
Massimo Osti was born and raised in Bologna, Italy. He became a graphic designer and worked in the advertising business. His career in the fashion industry began in the early 1970s, when he designed a T-shirt collection featuring placed prints. He was the first to use new techniques like the four-color process and silkscreen which are used for producing T-shirt. Following the success of this first T-shirt collection, he accepted the offer to design a complete Men's collection and became an equity partner in the company he would name 'Chester Perry' (later renamed the 'C.P. Company').
Ludwig Hans Fischer (1848 Salzburg - 1915) was an Austrian landscape painter and etcher.
She took the name Edmonds from her husband James Edmonds. They married in 1927. The marriage was later dissolved.
The force of the wind pushes ships in the direction of the wind. Vessels with large windage suffer most. Although powered ships are able to resist the force of the wind, sailing vessels have few defences against strong wind. When strong winds are imminent, sailing vessels typically have several choices:
Aperiovula is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Ovulidae, the ovulids, cowry allies or false cowries.
John of Gischala stormed the Temple and attempted to make himself the royalty of Jerusalem.
"Nobody's Fool" has been covered by Light Fantastic, Britny Fox and also The Dummies which was a project of Slade's bassist Jim Lea.
Village disputes abound, but how will they be solved if no-one is talking to each other? 
The company founder James Nelstrop described it as a 45-year-old dream to make whisky in Norfolk and said that barley has historically been sent from Norfolk to Scotland to make whisky. His initial idea was for a microdistillery, but after an unsuccessful application to HMRC for a distilling license to operate pot stills with a capacity less than 1800 litres (known as undersized stills in the UK) the company reverted to the minimum standard of 1800 litres and a license was approved.
Juliette Mole (born 1964) is an English actress and artist, now based in London. She is married to the actor Lloyd Owen.
1947  The first civilian burn unit in the country was established at MCV under the direction of Dr. Everett Evans
ANN is governed by an Executive Committee. Members of this committee are:
On 25 June 2015 his contract was not redeemed by Torino and he returned to Naples.
Rough Quest was sent off as 7/1 favourite having won the Racing Post Chase at Kempton in February and then followed up by finishing second in the Cheltenham Gold Cup sixteen days before the National. Jockey Mick Fitzgerald took his second ride in the race. The favourite moved into contention at the start of the second circuit, taking the last flight in second place before overhauling the leader to win by one-and-a-quarter lengths.
With Goff, part of the excitement is that one feels that the wind could shake the house down, so lightly is the structure tethered to the earth.  Kellogg houses feel heavy, firmly connected to their foundations.  The beams and radiating members remind people of the stout keels and ribs in ships designed to weather storms.  Kellogg's visible interior structure reminds observers of spinal columns that supported the weight of whales or dinosaurs.
During the first season, Marshall begins to bond with various characters, most notably Bobby D.  Upon their first meeting, the two clashed.  However, during Mary's disappearance, the two were able to work together, and eventually become close friends.
"The Eyeflash Miracles" was nominated for the 1976 Nebula Award for Best Novella and placed fifth in the 1977 Locus Poll Award for Best Novella.
Called to the Irish Bar in 1844, he became Queen's Counsel in 1865; he was appointed Law Adviser to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland in 1874, and Attorney-General for Ireland in 1875. In 1877 he became Lord Chief Justice of the Queen's Bench for Ireland and on the passing of the Judicature Act became Chief Justice of the Queen's Bench Division of the Irish High Court.  He retired in 1887 and died in 1892. 
(4) A competent court may grant such remedies as it may deem just in any case of a difference in the texts as aforesaid.
He is an educated guy. He keeps venturing into failing business ventures and uses his brothers-in-law as his financiers. He left his pregnant wife and went away.
The targets ultimately chosen were the World Trade Center, the Pentagon, and the United States Capitol. Flight 93 was apparently meant to crash into the Capitol. The White House was considered as a target; initially dismissed as being too difficult to locate from the air, it was later included in the plans. In the communications that developed as the scheme took form, the Pentagon's code name was the Faculty of Arts, Capitol Hill was the Faculty of Law, and the World Trade Center was coded as the Faculty of Town Planning.
In the fall of 2008, NPR programming reached a record 27.5 million people weekly, according to Arbitron ratings figures. NPR stations reach 32.7 million listeners overall.
RFIDSimpleware is a middleware solution designed to allow fast prototyping without having to write code.
Mailboxes may be migrated for different reasons. For example, mailboxes may need to be migrated because a company wants to use a new email service provider. Or mailboxes may need to be migrated following a company acquisition or merger. In most cases, a simple one-time migration approach may be employed. However, more advanced scenarios exist, including: 
Not all changes at the NLRB deepened Millis' control of the Board.  When Edwin S. Smith's term expired in August 1941, Millis wrote to Roosevelt and suggested William Hammatt Davis (Deputy Administrator of the NRA), attorney (and later Senator) Wayne Morse, Professor George W. Taylor, and economist Edwin E. Witte as Smith's replacement. Secretary Perkins suggested Gerard D. Reilly, a solicitor in the Department of Labor. Reilly won Roosevelt's approval.  Reilly, however, was very conservative and adopted a legalistic approach to labor law, and Millis and many others at the NRLB considered him a reactionary. Reilly believed Millis was too much influenced by Chief Trial Examiner Frank Bloom (a left-wing lawyer) and Oscar Smith, head of Field Division. Millis thought Reilly's legalism interfered with "realistic" labor relations, and that he was too willing to impose his conservative views on national labor relations policy just as Madden and Smith had imposed their liberal views.
Unable to denounce his wife publicly, he effected a scheme common among the nobility of the time, that of adultery. Among those of the Duchess Beatrice's household was a young troubadour and friend, Michele Orombelli, who often entertained the lady with lute and song.  To avoid any possibility of an uprising that might try to free the popular Duchess, on August 23, 1418, he had the doors of Milan closed until lunchtime, and had the troubadour, the Duchess, and two of her handmaidens spirited away to the castle of Binasco. In its confines, the captors tortured the prisoners. The handmaidens confessed to having seen the duchess with Orombelli sitting on the bed playing the lute. The torturers forced Orombelli into confession of adultery. Although Beatrice herself received twenty-four lashes, she denied any guilt to her confessor.
The 2011 CFL Draft took place on Sunday, May 8, 2011. The Alouettes had seven selections in the draft, including the eighth overall pick, which they used to select placekicker and punter Brody McKnight. Montreal came into draft day needing a kicker, and traded a 2012 first round pick for Sean Whyte. Because McKnight has one more year of eligibility, he will not be able to join the Alouettes until 2012. Other notables in the draft include Vaughn Martin, who was ranked as the sixth overall prospect, but his draft stock dropped immensely due to the fact that he had already been with the NFL's San Diego Chargers for two years. Should Martin choose to enter the CFL at any point in his career, the Alouettes would hold the rights to sign him.
"Sur" was nominated for the 1983 Hugo Award for Best Short Story and placed first in the 1983 Locus Poll Award for Best Short Story.
On April 21, 2008, the game was released to the public as a beta version. Multiplayer mode and player versus player combat were released on July 15, 2008, allowing players to team up and play the game, or fight against each other.  A player-run market system (named the Dead Frontier Mega Mall) was created on October 1, 2008, to facilitate trading among players. The barricading system, used to secure buildings, build personal outposts, and prevent zombies from entering them, was released on January 26, 2009. It allowed players to create their own outposts in the Inner City, where they could access services (market, bank, storage, etc.) as they could in the main outpost. A new inventory system was released on March 15, 2009, along with the ability to conduct private trades. A new market system was also released, replacing the Dead Frontier Mega Mall. Missions were released on July 19, 2009. They gave specific tasks to players, such as to destroy all infected in an area, for a cash and experience reward. Though some missions are glitched the game has an overall high rating within the player community.
Negron started his first professional season slow, batting .234 in his first 25 games for the rookie class Gulf Coast League Red Sox. However, over the final 16 games he hit .292 with two home runs and 10 runs batted in. He was promoted to the Class-A short season Lowell Spinners on August 26. In the playoffs for the GCL Red Sox, he went 2-for-13.
Kevin Anderson Jr. (born December 21, 1988) is an American professional basketball player who plays for Enosis Neon Paralimni of the Cyprus Basketball Division 1. He played college basketball for the University of Richmond.
David Kutyauripo (born 7 March 1979) is a Zimbabwean former international footballer who last played as a defender for Dynamos.
These definitions are according to AYON.
Bellulia galsworthyi is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Hong Kong.
Booth graduated from the University of Pennsylvania in 1829, and later studied at the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute at Troy, New York from 1831 to 1832.
It advanced during the early phase of the Korean War, then fought in the Battle of Pusan Perimeter.
All Staff members wear the Athletic Band uniform and work throughout the entire school year in the band offices. The Student Staff is in charge of holding director ladders for stability during field performances. Extra staff members not holding ladders stand along the sidelines to scan the field for wayward hats, mouthpieces, or tuning slides that may fall off during a performance.
"Open, Empty and Other" in Contemporary Buddhism, Curzon, London, Vol.1, No.1, May, 2000
In September 2008, the original Peek email device launched in Target stores across the United States. On September 12, 2008, Peek received its first review in a major outlet when David Pogue called it "sweet", "simple", "elegant" and predicted that Peek's model would win "quiet, gradual popular acceptance by normal people".
A frequent speaker on issues of sustainability, Ellis has lectured at TEDx, the Muddy Boot Festival, MountainFilm, and other numerous conferences and campuses. In 2011 he delivered the Casey Shearer Memorial Lecture at Brown University. 
The emergence of Kevin Keegan and Ray Clemence in the team would also see them start their international careers, with them both making their England debuts in the World Cup qualifier against Wales on 15 November 1972 alongside Emlyn Hughes already established in the England team.
The size and/or volume distribution of drops in a spray is typically expressed by the size versus the cumulative volume percent.  
Its north border touches Fazilka district of Punjab. It is bordered in the east by Sadulshahar Tehsil, south by Padampur tehsil, west by Karanpur tehsil. It touches in north-west with Pakistani Punjab.
After the offering of their sacrifices, Cain, the wicked sibling, taunted Abel out of envy and told him that he would surely slay him. Abel justly warned Cain that God only accepted the sacrifice of those that are righteous in their doings. He further went onto tell Cain that if Cain did indeed try to slay him, Abel would not retaliate and slay him because the God-fearing would never murder for the sake of envy. Abel then told Cain that in murdering him, he would carry the weight not only of his sin but also of the sins of his victim The victim, as a result, in suffering the injustice, would be forgiven his own sins and the murderer, while being warned, would consequently increase his own sin. Abel preached powerfully and reminded Cain that the punishment for murder would be that he would spend the afterlife in the fires of Hell.
The Jackal is seen researching at the British Museum reading room.
The Ashley River Railroad was a shortline railroad that served the South Carolina Lowcountry region in the late 19th century.
Paintball is a game in which players eliminate opponents by hitting them with pellets containing paint usually shot from a carbon dioxide or compressed-gas, HPA or N20, in a powered paintball gun. The idea of the game was first conceived and co-invented in 1976 by Hayes Noel, Bob Gurnsey, and Charles Gaines. However, the game of paintball was not first played until June 27, 1981.
1808, age 36: Arrived in Madrid to find the city in arms against the French. Rather than fight against his countrymen, he deserted from the French army and surrendered to his Spanish comrades as a prisoner of war. Instead, he was given a command in the Spanish army and admitted with the rank of captain.
Goh Liu Ying (born 30 May 1989 in Malacca) is a Malaysian professional badminton player who competes in the doubles event. She and her regular partner, Chan Peng Soon have ranked as high as No. 3 worldwide in mixed doubles. They won the silver medal at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
The Victorian Ministry for Education is a ministry of the Government of Victoria. It has responsibility for these government agencies: 
Yizhuangqiao Station  is a Subway station on the Yizhuang Line of the Beijing Subway in China. It opened on December 30, 2010, together with the other stations on the line.
Those who do not register when they become eligible and register later, can be charged for up to two years of back payments.
Various landmarks are illuminated in pink lights as a visible reminder of breast cancer, and public events, such as American football games, may use pink equipment or supplies. In 2010, all King Features Syndicate comic strips on one Sunday were printed in shades of red and pink, with a pink ribbon logo appearing prominently in one panel.
"Innovation equals creativity plus implementation", where Creativity is a balance of "imagination and analysis", and implementation is a process of idea selection, development and commercialisation. This suggests there is a requirement for a two phase solution for the implementation of small-scale projects. The first phase being one of problem definition, analysis, and critical thinking; followed by a second action or implementation phase where the prime activity is  the application of skills and knowledge to implement the creative idea. The breaking down of the process of innovation into two fundamental stages offers the possibility for thinking about small-scale projects as a two-stage process. That of innovation and innovation implementation.
1963. Legibility of print for children in the upper grades. ''American Journal of Optometry and Archives of American Academy of Optometry'', Vol. 40.
Op. 93: ''A Letter to the 30th Century'', oratorio (1972)
Hair relocated to London in the late 1830s, and produced a body of work there, much of it referring to North East England. Three of his paintings were exhibited at the Royal Academy of Arts between 1841 and 1849, including one of Tynedale Fell, Cumberland, and another of Bothwell Castle, near Glasgow, suggesting he travelled more widely across northern Britain than just the coal-mining communities of Durham and Northumberland with which he was later primarily associated.
Bramis was attached to Thetford Priory. He translated the Romance of Waldef from French metre into Latin prose. This romance was originally written in English verse, and had been done into French at the desire of a lady.
There are many cultivated coconut varieties found in Sri Lanka. Most of them are underway through national coconut research institute. According to a research carried away, they identified these varieties during a recent coconut germplasm exploration mission in the Southern Province of Sri Lanka. 
The Passat Estate won overall winner of Practical Caravans Towcar of the Year Awards 2008 for its array of towing features such as its Trailer Stability Programme.
When a British newspaper, News of the World, became involved in a phone scandal, Jackson was asked whether the lyrics to "Sunday Papers" were prophetic. He replied: 
Dana was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts.  He graduated from Harvard College and then studied law and passed the bar.  He became a prominent lawyer, a founding member the Sons of Liberty, and led Massachusetts opposition to the Stamp Act. He served one term in the Massachusetts Assembly.
Aired on March 17, 1972.
During the nationwide talent competition, the band covered A. R. Rahman's hits in their own style, which secured their position as one of the nine finalists in the show, earning them a huge fan following. During the competition, the band performed a song from the soundtrack of the Hindi action film Dabangg, which starred guest judge Salman Khan.
Nuvvekkadunte Nenakkadunta (translation: I will be there where you are) is a 2012 Telugu romance film starring "Hat-trick Hero" Uday Kiran and Shweta Prasad in the lead roles directed by Subha Selvam. The sound track of the film was composed by Pradeep Koneru and the audio was successfully released with positive reviews. The film was released on 20 April 2012.
Picken, Stuart D B. ''The A to Z of Japanese Business''. Roawman and Littlefield (2009) ISBN 0810868725
The film tells the story Shrihari who, in search of his brother Madavan make it to Bangkok. In the middle of this search, Shrihari had to face lots of problems and struggles.
1915 - 1 March 1981.
Apodiphus amygdali is a species of shield bug belonging to the family Pentatomidae, subfamily Pentatominae.
From 1937 his health was not good so he reduced his radio work and made his last broadcast on 21 March 1940.
The music video sees Yasmin walking down streets at night and ending up at house party situation. MTV Iggy's Toksala gave the music video a positive review, writing, "There isn't a lot going on in the video except a thoughtful mood, some bold style choices, and a whole lot of flirting with the camera, but this is fine. It gives you the chance to get to know this new face on the scene - and it gives me time to make mental notes about how I can get every last detail of her look."
We Hear of Love, of Youth, and of Disillusionment is a Daytrotter session recorded at the first Moogfest in Asheville, North Carolina. It contains a cover of "Only a Shadow", a song originally performed by The Cleaners from Venus. The song was part of several MGMT's setlist on their tour dates for the promotion in their second album Congratulations and this release marks the first studio take on the song.
On 7 September 1745, when Prince Charles Edward was on his descent from the Highlands, Forbes was one of three episcopal clergymen who were arrested at St. Ninians, near Stirling, suspected of intending to join the rebels, confined in Stirling Castle till 4 February 1746, and in Edinburgh Castle until 29 May.
Edition Axel Menges publishes between 15 and 25 titles annually with a back catalogue of just over 200 titles. In the Opus series, Edition Axel Menges presents individual buildings of international significance together with texts by well-known authors, usually with specially commissioned photographs.
Develop and foster fruitful relationships and networks at the local, national and international levels by working in collaboration with leading organizations, institutions and research institutes.
Not being a full participant in social gatherings due to attempts to regulate anxiety relating to how others are perceiving you.
Tulemalu Lake is a lake in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada.
Meanwhile, his film and television career was taking off, thanks largely to his speaking fluent Russian at a time when Cold War spy stories were popular. Finding that he was being type cast as a "foreigner", he took on the professional surname of Gregory, and started getting more varied roles. His facility for accents and languages saw him portray not only Russians, but Americans, Germans, Spaniards and even a Moroccan. This vocal ability made him in demand as a "voice" in recording ADR, or "dubbing" feature films. He has now done this work, as a voice and group director, on over 350 films. This in turn led to being asked to dialogue coach the TV mini-series Mussolini: The Untold Story with George C. Scott and many other stars, including the young Robert Downey, Jr. and Lee Grant. A parallel career to acting stemmed from this when he was asked to dialogue coach on Bernardo Bertolucci's Oscar-winning film The Last Emperor (1987), in which he also played "The Oculist". He worked on two further movies with Bertolucci, Little Buddha (1994) and The Dreamers (2003). Gregory's skills as a dialogue coach have been mostly used with non-Anglo actors who need to act in English, and in establishing dialect conventions with multi-national casts. He has worked with many distinguished directors and international stars in this capacity, as well as the most distinguished actors in many countries, while continuing to act in feature films and TV movies. Constantine has also worked on radio for the BBC and made many audio story recordings, latterly several for Spoken Ink. Gregory has been married and divorced twice, has two daughters and a son, and lives in London and Hove. He has dual nationality UK/US and speaks fluent Russian and French with a knowledge of Italian, Spanish and German.
The music was composed by MS Baburaj and lyrics was written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
A L Hormay and M W Talbot (1956). Increasing forage and livestock production on northeastern California mountain summer ranges. Berkeley, Calif., U.S. Dept. of Agriculture, Forest Service, California Forest and Range Experiment Station.
Water is abstracted from the Tees for treatment at the Broken Scar treatment works, near Low Coniscliffe on the outskirts of Darlington, and for industrial water at Blackwell, just downstream from Broken Scar, and Low Worsall, near Kirklevington.
In 1915 and 1917 Ottogary went on trips to Washington, D.C. seeking to get a return of the lands given to the Shoshone in the Box Elder Treaty of 1863. In 1918 he was arrested for encouraging draft resistance during World War I.
Gemin-8 is part of the SMN complex, which is necessary for spliceosomal snRNP assembly in the cytoplasm and pre-mRNA splicing in the nucleus. Gemin-8 binds to both SMN1 and the GEMIN6 / GEMIN7 heterodimer, mediating their interaction. This protein is found in nuclear Gemini of Cajal bodies (gems) and in the cytoplasm. Three transcript variants encoding the same protein have been found for this gene.
Like its predecessor The Infernal City, the novel Lord of Souls takes places about 40 years after the events of The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion and The Elder Scrolls IV: Shivering Isles, and some 160 years prior to the events of The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim.
Mills, M. and Rob Law (Editors), 2005, Handbook of Consumer Behaviour,Tourism and the Internet  Haworth Press Inc.,U.S. ISBN 0-7890-2599-X 
More than a mere Aramaic translation of the Hebrew text, Neofiti offers lengthy expansions on the biblical text at several places. It is often more expansive than Targum Onkelos, but less so than Targum Pseudo-Jonathan.
The program was telecast from New York City. It ended after a single season.
The festival is now billed as the Pepsi Rebel Salute after a three-year sponsorship agreement with PepsiCo. Festival producers stated they pursued the agreement as Pepsi products were more in-line with the festival's stance, which allows no alcohol and no meat. The festival has also featured dancehall performers not normally known for "conscious" lyrics by billing them under their birth name, rather than their stage name, in order to highlight their "good side", according to Tony Rebel.
With the end of the Sri Lankan Civil War, LTTE terror networks around the world were being shut down by both Sri Lankan and foreign governments. In 2011 the Swiss police arrested ten former LTTE representatives in the country for threatening, blackmailing and extortion of Tamils of the Sri Lankan diaspora to support the LTTE and the war effort financially. The funds were mainly used to buy weapons in Sri Lanka. Those arrested included the head of the LTTE in Switzerland Vijaratnam Sivanesan alias 'Ragu alias Ragupathy', his predecessor Chelliah Kularajasekeram alias 'Kulam' and the Swiss Tiger finance chief Chelliah Jeyapalan alias 'Abdullah'. They are facing charges of money laundering and belonging to a criminal organisation.
Massoud Barzani, the President of Iraqi Kurdistan as of 2015, is the son of Mustafa Barzani.  He was born in Mahabad when his father was chief of the military of the Mahabad forces in Iranian Kurdistan.
Rogers, along with McFeely, go to a bowling alley to show how to play, and how the pin machine work. The hodgepodge team tries to decide what game to play. After a few sports are rejected, everyone decides to play hide and seek. Lady Elaine decides to find them all with her boomerang, but everyone feels they won by doing their best. Before leaving, Randy Caribou turns his jersey to Lady Elaine so she can be on the team.
In June 2015, after many months teasing the news, Ginsburg announced that he would be releasing his debut solo album, Rock n Roll Alibis, on July 7, 2015. The album was written, recorded, produced, mixed and mastered by Ginsburg, and released by his own label, Generation Overdone Records. He later went on tour to promote the album, enlisting the services of bassist Ronnie Elvis James and drummer Dennis Morehouse to complete the touring lineup of CiG. Ginsburg has since revealed that the next album will feature a full band lineup.
In 2012 photographic artist Shaun C Mackrell undertook a year-long project to document and record the people of Tongala and their stories. The work culminated in a touring exhibition which was shown in Tongala, Bendigo and Brunswick Victoria. Later the series was put on display in Melbournes Federation Square for three months at the end of 2012. The project was made possible only by the generous support of the Federal Governments Regional Arts Fund as administered by Regional Arts Victoria.
Two Old Men Eating Soup would have been above one of the doors; Glendinning has suggested that it was above the door on the ground floor due to the design of the painted paper that appears in Laurent's photograph of the mural.
The use of hyperbaric oxygen therapy as an adjunct to antibiotic therapy remains controversial.
Dressman is a robot to iron shirts using hot air.
Like the two Bright Eyes albums before it, I'm Wide Awake, It's Morning opens with a spoken recording, this time by Conor Oberst himself. The monologue is a short story about two strangers on an airplane that is about to fall into the ocean.  Nearing the crash, one of the passengers begins to sing, "At the Bottom of Everything," the opening song of the album.  The simple, four-chord folk song is one of Oberst's trademark sarcastic social commentaries on American ideals: "We must memorize nine numbers and deny we have a soul. And in this endless race for property and privilege to be won, we must run..."
In December 2013, it was announced that Shindler had sold a majority stake Red Production Company to the French media company StudioCanal.
In 1964 he joined the state services in Maharashtra as Upper Division Clerk.
Chibber was born on August 22 in New Delhi, and is a son of actress Vibha Chibber, who was seen in the serial Bidaai and Mrs. Kaushik Ki Paanch Bahuein. He is dating TV actress Aparna Dixit.
Biblical stories reproduced in the Quran in the Arabic language (e.g., Job, Moses, Joseph (Yusuf) etc.) certainly differ from those of the original, that is the Jewish Hebrew Bible, the Greek Old Testament and the Greek New Testament, in that the Quran always demonstrates that it is "God's practice" (sunnat Allah) to make faith triumph finally over the forces of evil and adversity. "We have made the evil ones friends to those without faith." "Assuredly God will defend those who believe."  Thus the Islamic Isa did not die on the cross like the Christian Jesus, but deceived his enemies and ascended to heaven.
In April 2009, College Magazine's business plan won first prize in the U. Maryland "Cupid's Cup" Business Competition sponsored by Kevin Plank.
Skybird Island begins to fall from the sky after Captain Hook steals the golden leaves from their magic golden tree.
During a test excavation of the mound and its immediate vicinity, archaeologists from Wilmington College found pieces of Adena pottery around the mound.  Judging by findings from other Adena mound sites, the Hillside Haven Mound is believed to be a burial mound built over the body of a leading member of Adena society.  Excavations of typical Adena mounds have demonstrated that the Adena culture typically built small log houses around the bodies of their dead leaders, ceremonially burned the houses, and heaped up mounds over the ruins of the houses.  Although no detailed excavation has been conducted at Hillside Haven, all evidence found around points to the conclusion that it is a typical Adena mound, with both ceremonial and functional items within.
In modern Saint Petersburg he is most famous for the tower spires he specialised in, including the spires of the Peter and Paul Fortress. The wind vane in the form of a ship designed by van Bol'es shines on top of the thin spire of the Admiralty Building on the Nevsky Prospect, the city's main street. The three-masted ship has become an emblem of the city of Saint Petersburg and is said to represent the Russian frigate Oryol. 
Patrick the Great is a 1945 American drama film starring Donald O'Connor, Peggy Ryan, and Frances Dee. This was the last ever film for O'Connor and Ryan together, who had been a teenage team for the past several years. This was also O'Connor last film before he went to serve in World War II.
ISIRI 13134 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in 2011 based on Directive 80/720/EEC. It defines "Operating space, access to the driving position and the doors and windows of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors".
The Cheshire Cat: a mysterious grinning cat whom Alice asks for directions.
Born in Vienna, the young Kurt Fabri immigrated with his family to the Soviet Union, where his father, the prominent communist writer and journalist Ernst Fabri was given political asylum amid the political turmoil in their native Austria in 1932.
After going undrafted in the 2010 NFL Draft, Greenhouse was signed by the Houston Texans on May 18, 2010. They tried him at fullback, but moved him back to linebacker later. He was cut on September 3, 2010, and signed to the practice squad two days later. He was called up from the practice squad on October 3, 2010, but was waived on October 10, after being on the roster for one week. He was re-signed to the practice squad on November 3, 2010. Greenhouse was promoted on December 29, 2010. He was re-signed on January 5, 2011. The Texans released him on February 18, 2011.
Star Lacrosse player Conor Sullivan (Kellan Lutz) is not excited about moving to an unknown town and being the new kid at high school. He has a new love interest Brooklyn (Ashley Greene), but he struggles to find a meaning to his life.
Shards of a Broken Crown is a 1998 fantasy novel by Raymond E. Feist, the fourth and final book of his Serpentwar Saga and the twelfth book of his Riftwar cycle.
(2012) Author replies to critics in review of ''Queering Bathrooms: Gender, Sexuality, and the Hygienic Imagination'' in ''Gender, Place and Culture'', Vol. 19, No. 4.
In 1903, at the same time that the Cape Government Railways ordered its second batch of thirty-eight 8th Class 4-8-0 Mastodon type steam locomotives, four additional experimental locomotives of the same class were ordered, built to modified specifications to accommodate a larger firegrate area. In 1912, when these four locomotives were assimilated into the South African Railways, they were renumbered and designated Class 8E.
i'''ya'''ri/i'''a'''ri : ''ari'' (ant). A corruption of ''ie ari'' (house ant), it refers to ants that invade the house in search of food.
The larvae feed on Lonicera species.
''History and Interpretation of the Book of Common Prayer'', 1865, 3rd ed. 1878.
The music was composed by Bhagyanath and lyrics was written by Kedamangalam Sadanandan. 
DOS/32 has been tested and proved to be fully compatible with software which use DOS/4G, DOS/4GW, DOS/4GW Professional, PMODE/W and CauseWay DOS Extenders.
Drinks, snacks, or perhaps a full meal, especially at long receptions, are served while the guests and wedding party mingle.
The matter was later debated in Parliament  on 23 September 1948 and the Secretary of State for the Home Department responding to questions from the floor  by members Mr Paget, Mr Piratin and Mr Platts-Mills, stated that the testimony was based on one of mistaken identity and the extradition denied.
Guests queue outside the "Franklin Exploration Center", where it is presumed that they are waiting to board a helicopter which will take them to "Base Station: Wild Arctic". The queue outside the attraction includes numerous murals of the Arctic animals and scenery as well as various HD TV monitors that show various clips about the Arctic and its animals running on a loop. Guests then enter the show building.
The name argentifera is a manuscript name proposed by Walsingham. An adjective, meaning silver-bearing.
The Wisers disbanded in 2010, a few months after releasing their last EP, and the band's recordings were made available as free downloads on bandcamp after the hiatus.
During the Battle of Sandepu, Gerngross led a detachment consisting of the 2nd, 3rd, 35th and 36th Infantry Regiments in a successful night attack, which split the Japanese 3rd Division and succeeded in securing a foothold within the fortified village of Sandepu. However, his action was part of the unauthorized offensive and he was again obliged to withdraw, sustaining heavy losses. For this action, he was relieved of his command by General Georgii Stackelberg.
African Hockey Federation (AfHF) is the continental governing body of field hockey in Africa. It is affiliated by International Hockey Federation and has 17 member nations. It bi-annually organizes Hockey African Cup for Nations, a men's and women's hockey tournament for African nations. The main objective of the organization is to make the game of hockey popular in Africa and to increase number of participants.
Suppose, for example, that a respects b.  This state of affairs seems to involve three things: a, b, and the relation of respecting.  For the state of affairs of a respecting b to obtain, it doesn't, however, suffice that these three things (a, b, and the relation of respecting) exist.  They must also be related in some way.  What is required, we might say, is that a and b "stand in" the relation of respecting.  But now we seem to have another state of affairs: the state of affairs of a and b standing in the relation of respecting.  This state of affairs in turn seems to involve four things: a, b, the relation of respecting, and the relation of standing in.  Again, however, for it to be the case that a and b stand in the relation of respecting, it doesn't suffice that these four items exist.  They must also be related in some way.  What is required, we might now say, is that a, b, and the relation of respecting stand in the relation of standing in. And so on, ad infinitum.
Computer Football Strategy (also known as Football Strategy) is a computer game that simulates the National Football League from a strategic point of view. It was developed for the Commodore 64 and the Atari 8-bit family computer systems. Many retired professional football players have been noted to be content while recapturing their former heroics on this computer game.
Coming from an intensely military family, the 14-year-old Hercules Crosse was offered a commission in the army by his relative the Admiral of St Vincent, but he had other plans and turned the offer down. He was also of a very gentle and sensitive nature, and the idea of war deeply repelled him.
Singh died at his home in Newnham, Cambridge on 23 June 2015. He was survived by sisters Parveen and Rani as well as Ann Zammit, a longtime collaborator who in his final days became his second wife.
Despite his apparent success with the audience, producers claimed that the ratings weren't as high as they were in previous seasons. In 2011, producer Francisco Zamora decided not to renew Izquierdo's contract. Zamora claimed the reasons were "changes in the channel trends and low numbers on ratings."
The journey from Brisbane to Monto by mixed train took some fourteen hours, and three times a week a sleeping car connected with the mail train at Mungar, taking twenty-one hours.
The Kazamai is number six in a series of concept cars with the Nagare flow design language. The design features panel lines inspired by crosswinds in nature which evoke visual lightness. The car also has a bold five-point grille, accentuated front wheel arches and sleek roof line, which are combined with large 22-inch wheels.
Billy White Acre, also known as Bill White Acre, and Bill Whiteacre, is a Canadian film score composer, singer-songwriter, guitarist, and record producer. He is the founder and creative director of Big Planet Music, Inc., a Los Angeles-based music house that scores music for television, film and advertising. He is best known for his versatility as a composer and his use of open tunings and percussive guitar playing.
The Uces River, tributary of the Douro River and formed by the confluence of multiple streams, is named so after the crossing village Las Uces. It is a river with a huge flow during winter and spring, which sometimes creates floods that routinely cross all the old stone bridges. By contrast, the river is almost dry during the summer months.
Pearltrees claims to have created one of the first exposed interest graphs on the web. When a user of the product enters the "discovery mode", they are presented with a cluster of pearltrees that the company claims are closely related to the central pearltree by virtue of commonalities between their respective accounts. As the UI is dragged with the mouse (or in the case of the iPad app, with a finger) more pearltrees will appear. The further out one navigates from the original central pearltree, the further away from the original topic the pearltrees that begin to appear become.  As an example, should a central pearl in discovery mode be "autism", adjacent pearls would likely be "ADHD", "Asperger's", "dyslexia", etc., while pearltrees potentially found somewhat further from the center might include those on cancer, behavior, psychology and more.
Another possible poem is Telephus, which may have been a companion to Demeter.
Little is known of his life or that of his illustrator. According to the National Library of the Netherlands (KB), the edition of Der sonderen troest of het Proces tussen Belial ende Moyses is the only version of Jacobus de Teramo's story of Liber Bellial known to have been produced in Dutch. In his 1484 edition of Bartholomeus Anglicus's book Van de proprieteiten der dingen (English:"Of the propriety of things"), Jacob Bellaert printed his own name in the colophon, which is how his name survived.
The following is a list of characters who first appeared in the BBC soap opera Doctors in 2011, by order of first appearance.
Tucker, J. Richard, ''State and Local Pension Funds, 1972; Digest of Authorized Investments and Actual investments'' (1972)
The illustration depicts no one specific moment from the play. In Act 1, Titus decides to avenge the death of his own sons in battle by sacrificing Tamora's eldest son, Alarbus, prompting her to plead with him for her son's life, which is what she is pictured doing in the illustration. In the play, however, when Tamora is pleading with Titus for the release of Alarbus (who isn't present in the illustration), Aaron is still a prisoner. In the illustration, he is free and armed.
Gurramguda is mainly residential town. There are many gated communities coming up, few such noted communities are Balaji homes, Rajyalaxmi Nagar phase 1 and 2, Postal colony, Teachers colony, Brindavan colony, Srilaxmi nagar, SBR colony, Jakkidi Nagar, Panchyatraj colony, sri venkateswara colony,  Sri srinivasapuram colony, AS Nagar, GBR colony, Aditya nagar phase 1,2,3, Sri saidurga nagar, Jaisuryapatnam, and Sri Sri Avenue etc. There has been a great development in recent years and a number of smaller colonies have come up, all families living in harmony.
Most of the faculty members have notable research background along with Masters and Ph D. The institute offers separate hostels for boys and girls within the campus.
The Annals of the Four Masters cite the deaths of members of the family under the years 1348, 1373, 1387, 1400, 1405, 1459, 1569, 1483.
In German by J. Weyl
In another book titled Society: Progress and Force (Criteria and First Principles) Battler formulated new definitions of the concept Progress and the forms of social forces' manifestation through the laws of force (principles): The First Principle of social development, or the law of social force; and the Second Principle of social development, or the law of social knowledge. In the book On Love, Family, and the State he presented the laws of love and family, which are tied to the functioning of the law of entropy growth.
Contraband was released to DVD on April 24, 2012 with a rating of R.
H. Gil Ingles was born in Angola, South-West Africa, the son of Maria Flora Ingles, an educator, and Mateus P. Fontes Ingles an esquire and city prosecutor. As a child, he grew up in the city of Huambo, Angola, until several assassination attempts on his father forced his mother to send him to the United States to study under the guardianship of his aunt.
In the area of research, cataloging, storage and preservation of music, music libraries share many methods in common with ensemble libraries.   Many ensemble librarians use a comprehensive computerized database such as OPAS that integrates information about the composer, instrumentation, and performance history of standard orchestral works.
Out of the 20 players assigned, 10 of them have played in the NBA before they were called-up. NBA veteran Antonio Daniels, who returned to professional basketball after one-year absence, played for the Texas Legends until he was called up to the Philadelphia 76ers in April. Jeff Adrien, who began the season with the Golden State Warriors before he was waived in December, was called up by the Warriors in February. Steve Novak and Mario West, who have played four and three seasons in the NBA respectively, also received call-ups and were signed for the remainder of the season. Other players with NBA experience who were called-up are Othyus Jeffers, Trey Johnson, Danny Green, Orien Greene, Garrett Temple and Kyle Weaver. Six players, Marcus Cousin, Zabian Dowdell, Patrick Ewing, Jr., Chris Johnson, Larry Owens and Mustafa Shakur, made their first NBA appearance during the call-ups.
The network broadcast featured unified credits for the consecutive broadcast of two episodes. Several credited performers appeared in only one of the two episodes.
In the 1920s he attended The Royal College of Music and then The Royal Academy of Dramatic Art.  He was in repertory in the 1930s and with the Shakespeare Memorial Theatre company at Stratford.
The Ferndale Public Library was built in 1909 as Carnegie Grant Library on donated land and supported by the city of Ferndale, California, until becoming part of the Humboldt County Library system in 1915. It is the only Carnegie Library in northwestern California still functioning as a Public Library.
(K)ompact Center refers to the shorter yoke design that improves stability, maneuverability, and handling.
Since 1995 Puhtu belongs to the Matsalu National Park and from 1997 the station operates under the Estonian University of Life Sciences.
The cartridge was commercially introduced in 1992 by Blaser Jagdwaffen (Blaser hunting weapons) and RWS ammunition. Since then other rifle and ammunition manufacturers have included the .30 R Blaser in their product ranges.
The album was released in memory of Francis Dreyfus, the founder of Jarre's first record label Disques Dreyfus who died the previous year.
At the roofline is another modillioned and dentilled cornice with ornate brackets supporting a broad overhanging eave. In the center is a small pediment with scroll brackets on the side. "1892" in gold lettering is in the entablature, surrounded by more decorations, and "T. LATTA", for the original owner, is below. Finials with spherical tops are on either end.
After receiving her degree in 2003, she moved to New York and spent a year performing at Detour, Garage, Kaveha's and St. Nicks.
Fabian Weinhandl (born January 3, 1987) is an Austrian professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently an unrestricted free agent who was most recently under contract to EC Red Bull Salzburg of the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL). 
Spouses in civil partnerships are entitled to spousal benefits (including life insurance benefits, pensions, employment benefits), immigration equality, and similar recognition as opposite-sex military spouses for tax purposes. Civil partners are also allowed accommodation in military housing, security clearance and allowances.
The novel first appeared in the January 1953 issue of Startling Stories under the title Double Meaning.  In 1965 it was published as The Rithian Terror in Ace Double M113 as a dos-a-dos binding with Off Center, a collection of Knight's short stories. Following the Ace Double edition, the novella was re-published under the title "Double Meaning" in a Tor Double, together with Knight's Rule Golden.
Next to a commercial license, IAIK-JCE can also be obtained freely for academic purposes, evaluation and open-source development.
Aloe Blacc performed the song on Later... with Jools Holland in 2010.
When the video received its three millionth view on its ninth day, it had received over 20,000 comments, and its "Like/Dislike" ratio was 51.
Skill Combos: In addition each class can produce combinations of skills for bonus damage between two skills from the same class (small bonus), two skills from two different classes (medium bonus) and three skills from three different classes (large bonus); these are called skill "combos" and along with other combat numbers are visually displayed on screen for performance feedback for players skill use in combat.
Recommended titles list, based on individual profiling.
Because of communist persecution, he left Czechoslovakia in October 1978 and lived in exile in the Netherlands. After the fall of communism, on the 26th of November 1989, he returned to his native country.
This is a list of towns and villages in Tajikistan.
1983 - Rawlings implements conservative economic policies.
Abdul Qadir is a young mentally sick boy who has just completed his A-Levels and visits his family during his vacations. When he comes home, he is frustrated when he hears his parents Meera and Siddiqui quarreling with each other. It is a troubled family life for Abdul Qadir and his mother is very strict at him. She always shouts and insults him. One day, she hears Abdul Qadir sitting with his friends and his friends talking about girls. She starts insulting him for keeping such a bad company. Abdul Qadir's friends often make fun of him because he does nothing without his mother's permission. One day, Abdul Qadir is riding on a bicycle on a jogging track and eventually hits a girl running on the track. The girl shouts at him and tells him to drop her at home. The two talk with each other and get to know that they are neighbors of each other. The girl's name is Zareen and Abdul Qadir befriends her. She does not like his name and begins calling him A.Q.
Debt sustainability is a major issue, particularly for countries facing higher public debts, such as what most advanced economies are currently experiencing. These countries are vulnerable to rollover risks as maturing debt obligations could become more expensive to refinance considering that investors will demand significant premium to compensate for the greater risks that they will be assuming. The punitive action of the market through higher borrowing costs will make it more difficult for these countries to service their obligations, creating a vicious cycle of debt trap. This could be aggravated when governments planning to undertake unpopular measures that will increase revenues and/or reduce public expenditures face political backlash that render them not politically feasible.
Kugler signed with the Pittsburgh Steelers as an undrafted free agent in 1989, but after sustaining a concussion in training camp, he was released. In 1991 he was drafted by the Sacramento Surge of the World League of American Football (WLAF). He started at guard for one season with the Surge.
For a few years the Superbas were available in black lacquer.  The engraving was done after the lacquer which provided a stunning visual effect of being able to see the engraving from a distance. This models had metal thumbrests and were probably late 70's models.
Both sections of Box Hill's wreck were a hazard to shipping and showed above the water. In 1952 the Royal Navy dispersed her remains with high explosive and Admiralty charts now mark her position as a "foul" ground.
English electronic music band Ladytron have released five studio albums, one live album, seven compilation albums, six extended plays, 18 singles, one promotional single, one video album and 15 music videos. Formed in 1999 in Liverpool, Merseyside, the band consists of Helen Marnie (lead vocals, synthesisers), Mira Aroyo (vocals, synthesisers), Daniel Hunt (synthesisers, electric guitar, vocals) and Reuben Wu (synthesisers).
Canada entered thirty five of its forty competitors, twenty three male and twelve female in this event. They won fourteen medals, four gold, six silver, four bronze in this event.
On March 6, 2013, the DLSU Lady Spikers became the first team in any Philippine sports to celebrate the first ever championship in the arena in front of 18,779 cheering crowd, when they won the UAAP women's volleyball championship.
Before her arrival in Erinsborough, Jade had been estranged from her sister for seven years. Jade calls Sonya out of the blue and Pranita explained "Sonya's response is 'Why are you calling me? Why now? Don't come anywhere near me!' But Jade keeps ringing and harassing Sonya and then rocks up on her doorstep." Jade's appearance on her doorstep sends Sonya into a panic. Pranita told TV Week's Jackie Brygel that the history between Jade and Sonya is bad and that Jade is "holding one of Sonya's darkest secrets". Pranita believed that Jade had the potential to cause a lot of trouble for Sonya and expose her for lying to the people around her. She added that Jade would "completely rock the boat." Morey revealed that the last time Sonya saw her younger sister was when she left her son, Callum (Morgan Baker) with their grandmother, Hilda (Maureen Edwards). Sonya believes that Jade has come to Erinsborough to get "some revenge." When Jade learns that Sonya has been living with Callum and that he is unaware of who she really is, she urges her sister to tell him the truth. However, after seeing how happy the family is, Jade changes her mind.
Sahabi was buried in a small cemetery near Lavasan on the same evening shortly after her death. Her body was seized by the authorities immediately after death, and the authorities forced the family to attend the burial during the night time. Apparently, no autopsy was carried out to elucidate the cause of death. Only a small number of her family and friends were present in the burial. In an interview with VOA about Sahabi, Nobel Peace laureate Shirin Ebadi called this practice "corpse stealing" by the Islamic republic regime.
From Whangaparaoa, Johnson attended Orewa College and played many sports, including basketball and rugby union, but made his name playing touch and Australian rules football. He represented New Zealand in both touch and Australian rules football and played rugby union in his school's First XV.
She died in the early hours of 4 January 2012 at the Pune Hospital and Research Centre due to cancer. She is survived by her daughter Preeti Mansukhani, son-in-law Harish and grandchildren Yash and Khushi.
The mass poisoning occurred during a party on the night of May 27 aboard the yacht. Twenty passengers suffered from alcohol poisoning after consuming drinks served from the yacht's bar. The Russian women enjoyed drinking whiskey with cola. Anastasia Lavrenko, one of the young women aboard, told a Russian newspaper that they all had 10-12 glasses of cocktails. She added that even though she felt the alcohol tasted unusually strong, she did not realise anything.
''Contro il lavoro.'' Untranslated: ''Against Work.'' Milano: Feltrinelli, 1970.
All 15 schools sponsor women's cross country.
Historians have speculated that Pizzigano's depiction of the Antilia group on his 1424 map is based on accounts of possible pre-Columbian trans-oceanic contact with the Americas. But, the basis of his depiction is not known for certain. For a time, historians thought he may have based the island group on a suggestive inscription in the 1367 map of the Pizzigani brothers (his relatives, possibly his father), but that interpretation has since been discarded.  It is largely agreed that Zuane Pizzigano is the first known cartographer to depict the legendary Antilia group on a map.
Originally known as Bootcamp. Each act who received at least two yeses from the judges during the auditions takes part in the Eliminations stage, which lasts for two days. Here the contestants are allocated to their categories. Each category sings one song and then the judges decides who leaves the competition and who stays in the selection process. Remaining acts have to prepare with a help of the vocal coaches one chosen song that they will perform in front of the panel. Then the judges choose five acts from each category that will get through to the Judges' houses stage. Now both the judges and the contestants find out which judge will be mentoring which category.
24 teams were drawn to 6 pools of 4 teams each.
Received Bhupal Man Singh Karki Puraskar in 2058 B.S.
Black powder rocket motors are only produced in small sizes, to reduce the risk of explosion and a loss of efficiency. Black powder rockets are produced in classes 1/4 A through E. Larger sizes of model rocket motors use ammonium perchlorate composite propellant, or other composite fuels that contain ammonium nitrate.
Dani is arrested and later found guilty of attempted murder. She is sent to jail, where she is bullied by inmate, Viv "The Guv" Standish. Eventually Dani gains The Guv's respect and they become friends, even staying in touch when Dani is released. Dani continues with her mission to break Kane and Kirsty up, but fails. However, when Kane helps to rescue her family from a mine shaft and saves several people from a fire, Dani starts to forgive him and accept his relationship with her sister. When Dani criticises Felix Walters in an article published in the university newspaper, he starts stalking her. Felix also gets his girlfriend, Sarah Lewis, to dress as a police woman and tell Dani that Scott has died. Dani tries to confront Felix at the university, but ends up assaulting the dean by mistake. When Felix is attacked and winds up in hospital, Dani comes under suspicion. Felix later dies and Dani learns from Viv that she ordered the attack on Felix. It is revealed that Felix actually died from a fatal dose of crystal meth given to him by Sarah. Sarah's fragile state of mind causes her to blame Dani and her friends for Felix's death and she starts terrorising them. After shooting Jesse McGregor (Ben Unwin), Sarah is caught and taken to a psychiatric institution.
Most of the sermons discuss elementary tenets of Christianity, such as the trinity; particular attention is paid to the Sermon on the Mount. The sermons were published in the Patrologia Latina (vol. 89, cols 843-872). The oldest manuscript is Bibliotheca Apostolica Vaticana Pal. lat. 212 (late eighth century).
Douglas Andrew Cribb. For services to the Citizens Advice Bureau in Bordon, Hampshire.
Tony Harris came back as their import in the Governor's Cup, leading Sunkist to a 93-91 opening day win over defending champion Alaska Milk on September 29. The Orange Bottlers lost two straight games to Shell and Purefoods and the coaching staff decided to replace Harris with a new import Lester Neal. Sunkist finished with a 5-win, 6-loss card in the eliminations and were in a twice-to-beat disadvantage in the quarterfinals, the Orange Bottlers forces a rubber match against Shell, but lost in their sudden-death playoff, 102-104 on November 24.
This beetle is black with large whitish marks across its elytra. The original specimen measured less than 4 millimeters in length. It has fan-like (flabellate) antennae. Very few specimens of this beetle have been collected, but it has usually been associated with jojoba (Simmondsia chinensis).
Peralta faced Rony Jason on May 31, 2014 at The Ultimate Fighter Brazil 3 Finale. He won the back-and-forth fight via split decision.
On August 2011, Rentzas was released from his contract with AEL after the club was relegated at the end of the 2010-11 season, and went on to sign a 5-year contract with Superleague Cretan side Ergotelis on August 30, 2011. His contract was renewed for another year on 1 September, 2015. After the team withdrew from professional competitions in January 2016, due to major financial problems, Rentzas, who was one of the team's veterans with 61 appearances and 1 goal over the course of 4,5 years and part of only 17 players who had stayed with the club until the very end, was released from his professional contract. Consequently, on 30 January 2016 he returned to AEL once more signing a 2,5-year contract.
The means by which Crawford obtained the Australian rights to the patent, have not been discerned.
Altogether Harry Pougher played 145 matches for Lincolnshire, scoring 5532 runs, an aggregate only exceeded by three other players.  He became captain of the county side.  He left Scunthorpe for Lincoln when he was appointed Head of PE at a large secondary school.  He joined Lindum Cricket Club in Lincoln in 1985, became captain  and then in 1990 was elected as chairman. He was also chair of Lincolnshire Cricket Association until it merged with Lincolnshire Cricket Board.
Having now played the required five games against already ranked teams, Bhutan received their first official ranking position: 128th, ahead of Antigua and Barbuda and Botswana. Bhutan have not played a competitive match since the 2014 SAFF Championships, but due to movements around them, did climb to a high ranking of 115th in December 2013 The team took part in the 2014 SAFF Women's Championship held in November 2014 in Pakistan.
Verstappen stopped directing films and focused on film rights, founding an organization to secure authors' copyrights. In 1992 he was awarded the Dutch Filmmuseum Award for his contributions to the Dutch film industry, and in 1995 he received a Golden Calf for his body of work. He died of cancer in 2004.
In 1988, Zohar met the philosopher and writer Shlomo Kalo, who wrote songs for her, among them "Avi Hatov Shebashamaim", "Sipur Al Tsipor", "Lichyot Otam Ad Tom." 
Admission to the program is based upon a competitive application process. Applications are accepted through an online application system available on the DEVELOP website (http://develop.larc.nasa.gov/). Eligible applicants must be 18 years of age with a minimum 3.0 grade point average on a 4.0 scale at their most recent educational institute. DEVELOP accepts applicants from a wide variety of backgrounds including currently enrolled students, recent graduates, early and transitioning career professionals, and transitioning veterans. Anyone with a strong interest in NASA's Earth observation resources, remote sensing, GIS, and Earth science is encouraged to apply.
Elizabeth East is a northern suburb of Adelaide, South Australia in the City of Playford.
The 2001 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the 71st staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship, the Gaelic Athletic Association's premier under-18 inter-county hurling tournament. The championship began on 21 April 2001 and ended on 9 September 2001.
In September 2006, President Bush appointed Ray as Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for POW/Missing Personnel Affairs. He reported to Secretaries of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and Robert Gates on administrative and policy matters relating to missing personnel.  He was also responsible for creating policies and procedures for determining the status of all Americans missing in action, including rescuing all Americans endangered by combat operations.
All times given below are in Central European Time.
Kennedy Meadows is a major stopping and resupply point for northbound thru-hikers attempting the Pacific Crest Trail. It marks the southern end of the Sierra Nevada and the entry point into the South Sierra Wilderness.
In 1974, Stone went again to Berlin in a role as first director of Aspen in Berlin, a partner institute to American non-profit organization, the Aspen Institute.  He remained there until retirement in 1988.
Review the work relating to Environment undertaken in the State by Government and non-Government Organisations.
Volksraad was also the Afrikaans name for the House of Assembly of South Africa between 1910 and 1994.
Listed below are various lesser-known Tai peoples and languages.
Web-based: Being Web-based, the collaborative platform allows all relevant stakeholders to follow and contribute to discussion as it unfolds, regardless of location, time difference or device used to access it.
Both mill and town were named for Alfious Arlington Fidler, proprietor. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
The three best teams of each group plus a fourth qualified decided with special criteria will play a double leg play-off. From these 16 teams, only four will be promoted to LEB Plata.
The 2010 Vodacom Challenge was skipped, due to the World Cup being organised in South Africa, during the months of June and July.
Hamblen County continues to grow westward, and as a result, Morristown-Hamblen High School West's enrollment has increased in recent years. Future facility improvements and enlargements are being investigated, as is addition of personnel. Plans are being drawn for a major renovation and redesigned project for the school
In March 2007, the Advertising Council in the United States, in partnership with the National Crime Prevention Council, U.S. Department of Justice, and Crime Prevention Coalition of America, joined to announce the launch of a new public service advertising campaign designed to educate preteens and teens about how they can play a role in ending cyber-bullying.
On finale night, June 22, 2013, Mohammed Assaf from Palestine was crowned the winner of the second season of Arab Idol in a tough competition against Farah Youssef from Syria and Ahmad Gamal from Egypt.
He served on the municipal council for New Westminster. Brown was president of the province's Executive Council (the cabinet) from February to September 1876. He resigned his seat in the assembly in November 1881 due to poor health.  Another version from a fellow MLA says he retired because of conflict of interest issues relating to railway developments.  Brown died two years later in New Westminster at the age of 59.
Silverlight 1, which was developed under the codename Windows Presentation Foundation/Everywhere (WPF/E) and released in 2007, consists of the core presentation framework, which is responsible for the UI (user interface), interactivity and user input, basic UI controls, graphics and animation, media playback, Digital rights management (DRM), and DOM integration. It is made up of the following components:
He has been capped by the Uruguay national under-20 football team for the 2011 South American Youth Championship and for the 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup. He scored the goal to qualify Uruguay for the 2012 Olympic Games in London.
Cinemagraphs are still photographs in which a minor and repeated movement occurs, forming a video clip. They are published as an animated GIF or in other video formats, and can give the illusion that the viewer is watching an animation.
In 2000, Sydney lost to Brookline School Committee member Frank Smizik 2,517 votes to 2,336.
In 1953, another four trolleybuses of the same model were added to the fleet.  They were numbered from 214 to 217. In the same year, nine Alfa Romeo 900 AF vehicles, bodied by Piaggio and with Ansaldo electrical equipment, came into circulation in La Spezia.  Their fleet numbers were 218 to 226.
In 2011, they released their first full length album Tantale on Bonsound Records. Their second album, Composite, followed in 2014.
The genus is found in tropical Asia, except for Meyna tetraphylla that occurs in northeastern tropical Africa and the Comoros.
1.1 M or 1.5 M or 1.2
The Kaduysky District Museum is located in Kaduy. The museum opened in 2000, but previously functioned since the 1970s as a school museum, founded by Alexander Yukov. The museum is now named after him.
''The Strange World of Hannah Arendt.''  New York: Jewish Currents, 1963.
Prior to 2006, throughout Mets history, the team's batting helmets were designed to match the caps. The 1997 white alternate cap had no corresponding batting helmet, although first baseman John Olerud wore a white helmet on the field; the team used its standard batting helmets (matching the blue caps) in all games. Beginning in 1998, each alternate cap had a matching corresponding batting helmet with the same crown and bill colors, and the same "NY" logo crest applied as a decal on the front of the helmet. In 2006, however, the club began using the Rawlings Coolflo batting helmet, and changed the design of the helmet paired with the two-tone cap such that the cap and helmet no longer matched. The helmet shell was black; the bill and the front of the crown were painted metallic blue, the area of which conformed to the surface contours of the helmet shell and faded gradually toward the back. The "NY" crest on the front of this helmet was black with white outline and orange drop-shadow. The blue and all-black helmets received the same metallic paint treatment as the two-tone helmet, but still essentially matched the respective caps as the metallic paint was the same color as the helmet shell and the "NY" logo decals matched the crests on the corresponding caps.
Feeling guilty over her heartless grandfather and his influence over her, Allison breaks up with Scott but he promises to come back. Erica and Boyd leaving Beacon Hills, encounter a pack of menacing figures. Peter and Derek reveal to Isaac that Derek was building a pack to combat the impending Alpha Pack and Peter knows that they have arrived.
Dalal started conducting cooking classes from her home in 1966, which led to the publication of her first cook book, The Pleasures of Vegetarian Cooking in 1974. The book has sold over 1,500,000 copies. Over time, her popularity grew and she became a household name, with housewives and chefs swearing by her recipes. Tarla Dalal is credited with introducing and popularising foreign cuisines to the masses. She made vegetarian versions of a lot of non-vegetarian recipes from foreign lands. She revolutionised the cooking industry and is the most sold cookbook author in India. Her books have been translated into languages like Hindi, Gujarati, Marathi, Bengali, Dutch and Russian. She also published cooking magazines. In 2007 she started her 'Total Health Series' cookbook series.
Bukedde TV started in 2010 and introduced a popular program, Agataliiko Nfuufu which aired at 10:00 pm every day. Language used on Bukedde TV is purely Luganda. The arrival of NTV sometime in the mid-2000s made the television space more competitive and led to a further surge in new television stations like Record, NBS and Bukedde. Content on television is mainly entertainment related, with music videos taking up a lot of time on TV. There is also emphasis on political talk shows and news. Prime time news on NTV is very popular, so is "Agataliko Nfuufu" news program on Bukedde.
A Strada Regionale (Italian for regional road), abbreviated SR, is a type of Italian road. Regional roads are generally maintained by the regions they traverse.
In his first years at the Sorbonne, Jean Baptiste Boisot binds a lasting friendship with many emblematic figures of the time. For example Paul Pellisson historiographer of Louis XIV and State counselor, as well as Madeleine de Scudery, who was part of a movement in the late Renaissance in England and France where women used classical rhetorical theory for their own.
refbeginNote: There are now 62 counties in the State of New York. The counties which are not mentioned in this list had not yet been established, or sufficiently organized, the area being included in one or more of the abovementioned counties.refend
Stewart and Bringas became acquainted during the mid-1950s as students at Inglewood High School (about ten miles south of Hollywood). They discovered some complementary musical talents and struck up a friendship.  Encouraged by their singing compatibility, they were determined to secure a recording contract.  They eventually came to the attention of Arwin Records/Daywin Music in 1962.
"Soundtrack to the Struggle" samples "Change Right Now" by Mavado as its chorus.
Major-General Andrew Douglas Mackay, CBE is a former British Army officer who commanded British forces in Helmand, Afghanistan. This was the principal opium-growing region and Britain was responsible in the NATO International Security Assistance Force for the suppression of opium.
(with Greg Ptacek) ''Mothers of Invention: From the Bra to the Bomb; Forgotten Women and Their Unforgettable Ideas'', Morrow, 1988.
Aperregui is located very close to Bitoriano and lies between the villages of Lukiano and Domaikia.
Skybolt was officially unveiled on 28 September 2006  at the University of Salford and was billed to be the first British space launch since 1971.  It toured around the country alongside another of Starchaser's rockets, NOVA 1 to promote the company. As of 2011, Skybolt has yet to be fired in a full-scale test.  The Storm engine has test fired on two separate occasions, however issues with the design are holding back a launch schedule.
Dan Eckman (born January 27, 1984) is an American director, writer, and producer. Eckman first came to attention for his work in the sketch group Derrick Comedy.
Herbert Walsh as Rev. Mr. Payne
Tuvalu has qualified a men's team.  Each team can consist of a maximum of 21 athletes.
''Sermons, to which are subjoined suitable Hymns'', 1798, octavo (the hymns are original, and intended as "poetical epitomes" of the twenty-one sermons ; the second edition, 1806, octavo, has title ''Sermons for the use of Families'', contains twenty-two sermons and no hymns).
She lived in over 30 foster homes, group homes and psychiatric facilities before age 18. After missing many years of formal education and being labeled "below-average or marginal at best", she is a now speaker on children's issues, a National Child Permanency Advocate and a spokesperson for Foster Care Awareness Month. She currently resides in the San Francisco Bay Area, where she hopes to finish a college degree she started more than thirty years ago.
Nathan Sanford (Dem.-Rep.) was elected Speaker with 64 votes against 33 for Samuel A. Barker (Fed.). Samuel North (Dem.-Rep.) was elected Clerk of the Assembly with 64 votes against 37 for the incumbent James Van Ingen (Fed.). Sanford soon became ill, and could not attend the session anymore, and on February 12, William Ross (Dem.-Rep.) was elected Speaker for the remainder of the session with 65 votes against 24 for Barker (Fed.).
LTTE ordered all police stations in Eastern Province to be vacated by 2:30 p.m. or face the consequences. Inspector General Ernest Perera, also instructed the Police officers to surrender, at the request of President Ranasinghe Premadasa. Police officers laid down their arms after being promised safe conduct and subsequent release.
The larvae feed on Euphorbia species, with a preference for species in the Esula subgenus. They feed in silken webs on the apices of their host plant, causing extensive damage. First instars larvae feed on flower buds and tender leaves in groups of 20-30. Fifth and final instar larvae are solitary feeders and consume less than the other instars. Pupation takes place in a light yellow silk cocoon spun on the stem of the host plant.
"Magnetic and true Journal at Sea", s. sh. quarto (London), 1784. Engraved. (Another edition, s. sh. quarto (London), 22 September 1784. Engraved.).
Upon launch, Channel 5's programming followed a strict schedule, with the intention that viewers could tune in and always know what to expect. Major features of the Channel 5's early scheduling structure included daily soap opera Family Affairs at 6.30pm, a nightly news broadcast at 8.30pm, presented by Kirsty Young. That was followed by a film at 9pm every night and The Jack Docherty Show, a comedy chat show. Daytime programmes included Sunset Beach, the American soap opera, Leeza Gibbons' chat show, Leeza and 5 News Early. Weekend programming included Night Fever, a panel show presented by Suggs and the fantasy series Xena: Warrior Princess and Hercules: The Legendary Journeys.
Evolutionary psychologists view emotion as an important self-regulatory aspect of embodied cognition, and emotion as a motivator towards goal-relevant action. Emotion helps drive adaptive behavior.  The evolutionary perspective cites language, both spoken and written, as types of embodied cognition.  Pacing and non-verbal communication reflect embodied cognition in spoken language.  Technical aspects of written language, such as italics, all caps, and emoticons promote an inner voice and thereby a sense of feeling rather than thinking about a written message.
The Orchid Pavilion Gathering of 353 CE was a cultural and poetic event during the Six Dynasties era, in China. This event itself has a certain inherent and poetic interest in regard to the development of landscape poetry and the philosophical ideas of Zhuangzi. The  gathering at the Orchid Pavilion is also famous for the excellent quality of the calligraphy of Wang Xizhi, who was both one of the participants as well as the author and calligrapher of the Preface to the Poems Composed at the Orchid Pavilion, not to mention the literary quality of this introduction.
The school is managed by a Board of Management (BOM) appointed by the Minister for Education in conjunction with the sponsor and community leaders. Parents and teachers are represented on the Board by the PTA committee elected by the parents. The school performance in the national examinations has registered positive trends in the last 4 years with 2012 attaining a mean score of 6.8557 and 55 out of 97 candidates qualified for university admission.  30 of the 55 were admitted through JAB.
In 2009 Zalando began operations outside of Germany when it started offering deliveries to Austria. In 2010 the company launched in the Netherlands and France, and in 2011 it opened online retail sites in the UK, Italy and Switzerland. In 2012 it launched in Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Norway, Belgium, Spain and Poland.
There have been some efforts to battle corruption with the creation of the ombudsman and the Assets Auditing Commission (KPKPN). It has been an important agenda and part of Indonesia's official reform program since May 1998. However, the efforts made are questionable as there has been limited success to reduce corruption. Some obstacles that impeded the improvement of corruption included political and economic constraints, and the complex nature of the corruption itself.
The Soling Competition at the 1996 Summer Olympics was held from July 22 to August 2, 1996, in Savannah, Georgia, United States. 
Tom Baker continued as the Fourth Doctor. Lalla Ward, who played Princess Astra in the season 16 finale The Armageddon Factor, returned to the series as the newly regenerated Romana, replacing Mary Tamm in the role. After John Leeson declined to voice K-9 in this season, David Brierley replaced him in the final three serials (and Shada).
Mannam Memorial N.S.S. College, Konni
His housing director quit after a prior theft conviction was revealed. His chief of staff was arrested trying to buy heroin. His half-brother, whose authority he elevated at the city water plant, was arrested on charges of stealing. Subsequently, his law director resigned after arguing with Mack over complying with open-records laws and potential violations of laws prohibiting the awarding of city contracts to large campaign donors.
Roofless Records is an independent record label, producer and publisher based in Miami, FL. Roofless Records focuses predominantly on experimental music by Florida artists. All music is released as limited-edition vinyl records or cassette tapes. In an interview with the Miami New Times, Roofless Records co-founder Matt Preira says, "We deal in the business of objects and moments." Roofless Records is a finalist in the 2011 Knight Arts Challenge Miami grant competition, funded by the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation to support emerging artists and arts organizations.
In 1978 he joined Doncaster, as captain-coach.
''Miramonda'', a pastoral comedy.
In layered graph drawings with many long edges, edge clutter may be reduced by grouping sets of edges into bundles and routing them together through the same set of dummy vertices. Similarly, for drawings with many edges crossing between pairs of consecutive layers, the edges in maximal bipartite subgraphs may be grouped into confluent bundles.
On June 12, 2014, Padma Devender Reddy was elected unanimously as deputy speaker of the Telangana State Assembly becoming the First Deputy Speaker in the newly created state of Telangana. 
Since the discovery of Met and HGF, much research interest has focused on their roles in cancer. The Met pathway is one of the most frequently dysregulated pathways in human cancer. 
Rover Creek is a creek in the West Kootenay Region of British Columbia. The creek is located west of Forty Nine Creek and flows into the Kootenay River.  The creek has been mined for gold.
Vivian Thomson is Professor in the Departments of Environmental Sciences and Politics at University of Virginia as well as the Founder and Director of the interdisciplinary Environmental Thought and Practice BA Program and the Panama Initiative.  Thomson is an environmental policy expert with over 25 years of practical and academic experience at local, state, national, and international levels. 
Lansdowne Avenue formerly known as North Jameson Avenue. It was renamed by the Parkdale village council in 1883 to honour the new Governor General, Henry Petty-Fitzmaurice, 5th Marquess of Lansdowne, who served between 1883 and 1888.
first was in the summer of 1934 with Sylvester Q. Cannon, LDS Church presiding bishop, to decide the exact placement and orientation of the monument. The second was when the monument was erected dedicated on 21 July 1935 by Heber J. Grant. In remarks during the ceremony David O. McKay stated "There is no monument in the world today with which greater things are associated."
There are a variety of plant species (some already extinct) which are naturally restricted to this specific vegetation type, occurring nowhere else in the world. The primary threat to this ecosystem is invasive alien plants, such as European Pines and Australian Port Jackson Acacia.
Professor Ulf Leonhardt is a Fellow of the Institute of Physics. He is also a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. He is a recipient of the Otto Hahn Award of the Max Planck Society. In August 2009, the Royal Society's Theo Murphy Blue Skies award allowed Leonhardt to research a new theory for applying metamaterials to optical cloaking full-time.
Born into a musical family in Vienna, his father, Marcell Tyberg (Sr.), was a well-known violinist, while his mother, Wanda Paltinger Tybergova, was a pianist in the school of Theodor Leschetizky, and a colleague of Artur Schnabel. Although little is known about his musical education, it is assumed that Tyberg had some formal training in orchestration, counterpoint and harmony outside the family home. Tyberg's father was on good terms with the renowned violinist Jan Kubelik and the two families frequented one another. Marcel dedicated lieder to Jan's two daughters and, despite a twenty-year age gap, cultivated a lifelong friendship with their young brother, the conductor Rafael Kubelik. Tyberg also became friendly with the Italian violinist and conductor, Rodolfo Lipizer. Tyberg's Piano Sonata No. 1 (1920) and his Symphony No. 1 (1924) both date from his time in Vienna.
Rhamnus alaternus is a species of flowering plant in the buckthorn family known by the common name of Italian buckthorn or Mediterranean buckthorn.
School spirit is an integral part of life at Windsor High. Homecoming week is the biggest week of the year. Spirit week, the Homecoming parade (which almost all Isle of Wight residents attend), and the actual Homecoming game, make the week an exciting event. Students also frequent the Isle of Wight County Fair each September, the art club competes in the sand castle sculpting tournament at Neptune Festival in Virginia Beach in late September, the cheerleaders compete statewide every year, there is a talent show held in the auditorium each year, among many other exciting events that occur at WHS.
While Chief Constable he acquired a reputation for radical ideas which were not always popular with other senior police officers, who regarded him as "soft", and was also a champion of community policing. Alderson was frequently portrayed in the media as the polar opposite to James Anderton, Chief Constable of Greater Manchester from 1976 to 1991, who was seen as a champion of hardline, aggressive policing and a more punitive criminal justice system.
A research project involving positive use of video games is outlined in an article that focuses on studies that suggest there are health benefits to playing video games.  This article presents information from studies from the University of Utah, Deakin University in Melbourne, Australia, 2009's Annual Review of Cybertherapy and Telemedicine, University of Washington, Visual Development Lab of Ontario's McMaster University, University of Rochester in New York,  and North Carolina State University.  The researchers from these universities found that video games are therapeutic for children with chronic illnesses, can improve preschoolers' motor skills, reduce stress and depression, provide relief from pain, improve vision, improve decision making skills, and maintain happiness in old age as well.
In 2011, under a full contract he played in 10 of the Reds  18 games, including the final, and formed a strong combination with Wallaby centre Anthony Fainga'a.
-She would not listen to what you said.
On July 15, 2014, RCR announced Dillon will make his Sprint Cup Series debut in the No. 33 with Hillman-Circle Sport LLC in partnership with RCR in the Oral-B USA 500 at Atlanta Motor Speedway. After qualifying 29th, he finished 25th. Dillon returned to the No. 33 for the Quicken Loans Race for Heroes 500 at Phoenix International Raceway, qualifying 26th and finishing 27th.
Those who died as a result of falling off a tree, falling off the roof of a house, or shot during hunting, were buried where the incident took place, and do not receive a burial ceremony.
Submarine cables laid in the same area are covered by a maintenance agreement.
A compilation which includes Extraction Point and Perseus Mandate. It's exclusive to the Xbox 360. It was released in November 2007.
Harvey made his only first-class appearance for Essex against T. N. Pearce's XI in 1952.  In this match he took three wickets in T. N. Pearce's XI's first-innings, taking the wickets of Neville Rogers, Maurice Tompkin and Peter Smith for the cost of 88 runs from 16 overs.  Essex made just 205 in response to T. N. Pearce's XI's first-innings score of 389, with Harvey batting at number eleven ended unbeaten on 12.  Essex were forced to follow-on in their second-innings and were dismissed for 159, with Harvey ending not out on zero.  Essex lost the match by an innings and 25 runs.
Images in the media are notorious for creating unrealistic standards of beauty, most especially for women. Comparisons with media standards can cause an individual with high levels of CSE to acquire feelings of inadequacy. Although this is true in most cases, everyone is not equally affected by unrealistic standards of beauty in the media and social comparisons with the people they are surrounded by. One's Self perception of appearance  is how an individual measures his/her own beauty. Women with lower Self perceptions of appearance  tend to be more dissatisfied after viewing "ideal" images of women in the media. This same issue can also be seen in the male population but isn't as prevalent and widespread as in the female population. In the journal "Media Images and Women's Self-evaluations", researchers D. Henderson-King, Henderson-King, and Hoffman demonstrated that the importance that women place on physical attractiveness is associated with images displayed in the media.
He is the father of Rebecca Blankenship, an American operatic soprano.
Synopsia sociaria propinquaria from Corsica is sometimes treated as a valid subspecies.
As a member of the Finnish national team, she took part in the 2005 and 2009 European Championships. In 2007 she was named Finnish Women's Player of the Year.
The Australian mining company Mawson West acquired the rights to a copper mine in the area from Anvil Mining in May 2010.
He has written extensively on Victorian Aboriginal history including editing the journals of George Augustus Robinson. He worked with The Victorian Aboriginal Corporation for Languages and in 2002 published the Dictionary of Aboriginal Placenames of Victoria and several related regional placename publications. He was one of the organisers of the second Trends in Toponymy conference in Ballarat in 2007, and is researching a book on Aboriginal toponymy for the ANU E-Press series.
Instead, it would be for courts to interpret legislation consistently with the Convention, if such an interpretation were possible. This system confirmed the formal authority of parliament, while allowing judicial oversight. A court cannot strike down legislation.
The major aircraft related event of 1977 involved the arrival of four additional OV-10As from the states on 9 September 1977.  Also, the first two wing OV-10As to receive camouflage painting returned to Sembach from Alverca, Portugal, where the work was performed.  In 1980, The 601st Tactical Air Support Group gained additional CH-53Cs and OV-10As.
Lipson, Ephraim. ''The economic history of England'' (3v, 7th ed. 1964), from medieval to 1900 
The ovate shell is white. Its length measures 3 mm. The whorls of the protoconch are deeply obliquely immersed in the first of the succeeding turns, above which only the tilted edge of the last volution projects. The five whorls of the teleoconch are well rounded, feebly contracted at the suture and  appressed at the summit. The suture is slightly impressed. The periphery is obscurely angulated. The base of the shell is well rounded. The entire surface is marked by slightly retractive lines of growth and exceedingly fine spiral striations. The aperture is ovate. The posterior angle is acute. The outer lip is thin. The columella is strongly curved, decidedly revolute and provided with a strong fold at its insertion. 
In October 2011, Sony Music Entertainment announced that the soundtrack to Cirque du Soleil's show Michael Jackson: The Immortal World Tour entitled Immortal. 
The third movement is also notable for its transition to the fourth movement, widely considered one of the greatest musical transitions of all time.
"Leeson Street Lady" - recorded by Bagatelle.
The Eglin Field Historic District, a U.S. historic district, was so designated as such on 22 October 1998, and is bounded by Barranca, Choctawhatchee, 4th, and "F" Avenues. It contains 20 historic buildings.
Agent Weaver is a former member of Providence stationed at the arctic "Paradise" base where he was the chief technician. He and his crew were revealed to be traitors who were reactivating and selling nanites to Van Kleiss. In "Frostbite", he accidentally turned himself into a monstrous 50-foot, tentacled E.V.O. after he unintentionally destabilized the containment unit. When Rex was unable to fully cure him due to the excessive amount of nanites he absorbed, Weaver was defeated by Agent Six and knocked down when Dr. Holiday rammed the ship into him. In "Basic", it was revealed that Weaver was extracted from the arctic and locked up in the E.V.O.-Fighting Cage at the Providence Training Camp. Due to a malfunction caused by a jealous Kenwyn Jones, Weaver and the other E.V.O.s got out. Weaver remembered Rex during his fight with the E.V.O.s. Rex managed to knock Weaver back into the pit.
First leg matches were played between 21 and 23 September, with most of the second leg matches being played between 6 and 7 October with one of them being played on 27 October.
In a way similar to OpenMP 3.x on homogeneous system or the earlier OpenHMPP, the primary mode of programming in OpenACC is directives. The specifications also include a runtime library defining several support functions. To exploit them, user should include "openacc.h" in C or "openacc_lib.h" in Fortran; and then call acc_init() function.
In February 2016 the Mansion was purchased from American Coatings Association by Hungary to move the Embassy of Hungary there later in the year.
Aro was a school teacher in Viborg . He worked mainly on Ephemeroptera.
For his portrayal of Ciaran, Duffy was nominated for "Sexiest Male" at the 2004 British Soap Awards. Duffy was nominated for the "Sexiest Male" award at the 2010 and 2011 British Soap Awards. Duffy was later nominated for "Sexiest Male" at the 2010 and 2011 Inside Soap Awards. For his portrayal Duffy was voted 10th "top soap stud" in a poll ran by entertainment site Digital Spy. Ciaran was voted third in a poll finding Coronation Street's "top three sexiest men" run by Inside Soap.
This marine species is found off Cape Verdes and Senegal, in Africa.
On March 11, 2014, Kevin Starr and Laura Hattendorf of the Mulago Foundation wrote a lengthy article in the Stanford Social Innovation Review skeptical of GiveDirectly's accomplishment so far, saying that the evidence so far was underwhelming, though there might still be bigger gains a few years down the line. They contrasted GiveDirectly with other charities that they felt delivered more bang for the buck: VisionSpring, KickStart, and Proximity Designs. Holden Karnofsky of GiveWell wrote a lengthy response countering that GiveDirectly's impact had been more rigorously established, and that Starr and Hattendorf were using flawed metrics to judge impact. The GiveDirectly board independently published a response on the GiveDirectly blog. Chris Blattman, an economist with experience in randomized controlled trials as well as knowledge of cash transfers, also responded to Starr and Hattendorf's post on SSIR.
the interface between nanomaterials and biology...intended to facilitate communications between scientists, engineers, technologists, designers, manufacturers, regulators, NGOs, consumer organizations, members of the public and others with an interest in application or use of nanotechnologies in biology or biotechnology, or the use of biological matter or principles in nanotechnology.
Effective dose is a dose quantity in the International Commission on Radiological Protection system of radiological protection.
Based on its assessment of progress made to date towards meeting the conditions for lifting sanctions imposed on Liberia, the Security Council today renewed the arms and travel embargoes for another year.
Established in 1969 as the Pilots in Seattle, Washington, the team moved to Milwaukee, Wisconsin the following season, which brought top-flight baseball back to Wisconsin for the first time since the Braves departed after the 1965 season. The Brewers have been members of the National League since 1998; prior to that, the team played as a member of the American League Central Division.
A hard hitting all-rounder with a reputation for quick scoring, Collins scored a total of 3,332 runs in his 119 first-class appearances for Lancashire, which came at an average of 20.44 and a high score of 107 not out. This score was one of two first-class centuries he made, alongside eight half centuries for the county. An able off spiner, Collins took 159 wickets at a bowling average of 30.70, with best figures of 6.63. These figures, one of four five wicket hauls he took, came in his best season with Lancashire in 1961. His figures of 6/63 came against Sussex on a drying first-innings wicket at Old Trafford. In the following match he scored his unbeaten 107 against Somerset at the Recreation Ground, Bath, after he was awarded his county cap. He made another century in that season, scoring a total of 858 runs at an average of 26.00, while with the ball he took 52 wickets at an average of 29.73, with that season including three of his four career five wicket hauls. He also took twice as many wickets in that season as he had in any other. The 1962 season was to be his last with Lancashire, with Collins striking 25 sixes in that season.
SEVERED FROM HIS BODY BY THE ''RAILWAY TRAIN''.
A novelogue is a combination between the words "novel" and "dialogue", and it is written more like a screenplay than a novel.  Prose are only used in brief segments of the story where character and setting descriptions are necessary.  Otherwise, the story is told through conversation.  Characters enter and exit as if moving around a world stage, like they would in a screenplay or stage play.
By late 2003 twenty A-002s had been ordered by Susuman Susumanzoloto OAO, a mining company who had received two, and by Irkutskehenergo OAO, who had received another two for power line inspections. Five had been delivered by 2007.
The Remington Model 742, also known as the Woodsmaster is a semi-automatic rifle that was produced by Remington Arms from 1960 until 1980. It featured a straight 4 round magazine and side ejection port as well as a free-floating barrel. It also uses the same action as the Remington 1100 series shotguns design, they of course having the parent gun the venerable 870 series.  In 1981 the Model 742 was replaced by the Model 7400.
The 2010-11 ABL Season was the 2nd season for the Singapore Slingers in the Asean Basketball League Australia. The Slingers went into this season without their 2009-2010 season's local star Hong Wei Jian, who was out with a career-ending knee injury.
In order to make an accurate comparison and determine if there is a match, the system requires a shape or points measurement to be compared against the information in the database. This process must be discriminating, quick to compute, concise to store, pose-independent and efficient to match.
While bishop he has lived at the seminary not the bishop's palace, eschewed the services of a secretary and chauffeur. He asked to be called "Don Nunzio" instead of the customary title "Your Excellency."
Her sculptures pay witness of her radical way of working: the material itself in its given form is a main focus throughout the working process. Another important focus is the site-relationship.
From 1841 to 1844 he journeyed throughout India and Persia, where he conducted important investigations in Bombay and at Persepolis. In 1844 he began deciphering ancient Elamite cuneiform using the 3-way parallel text of the 6th cent. BC Behistun Inscription, finding 96 syllabic signs, 16 ideograms, and 5 determinants.
Frank W. Gibb (died 1932) was an architect in Little Rock, Arkansas.
In 2015, Black Press sold the News Leader to Glacier Media. In September 2015, Glacier announced the closure of the News Leader, New Westminster News Leader and Tri-Cities Now as of October 1.
"Deep" is a pop rap song by boy band East 17.
On November 24, 2011 and October 4, 2012, the space probe's thrusters were fired briefly for two trajectory correction maneuvers that targeted Deep Impact for an encounter with 2002 GT in 2020, possibly within a distance of no more than 400 kilometers. However, funding for the flyby mission was not guaranteed. In June 2013 the asteroid was observed in radar by the Arecibo Observatory.
Loebs was born on September 10, 1853 in Sherman, Sheboygan County, Wisconsin. He attended Northwestern College before moving to Campbellsport, Wisconsin.
Timir has also done many playbacks in movies. His first break was Onnyo Kothao Chol from the movie 033. The music was composed by Chandrabindoo. He has also sung for Jeet Ganguly in the movie Dui Prithibi (The Title track along with Rana Mazumdar and a Sad Version), Dheu e oi from the movie Ghete Ghaw - Ektu Onnyorokom whose music has been composed by Indradeep Dasgupta. He has also sung a song OO ochena for the movie Accident, the music of which has been composed by Joy Sarkar.
Spain has qualified 2 athletes.
''Concepts in Transition: The Search for a New Definition of Property'', 1986 University of Illinois Law Review 1.
This is a list of Paraguay's representatives and their placements at the Big Four international beauty pageants, considered the most important in the world. The country has yet to win any of the four pageants.
The ''Rock Band'' series of music video games supports downloadable songs for the Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, and Wii versions through the consoles' respective online services. Users can download songs on a track-by-track basis, with many of the tracks also offered as part of a "song pack" or complete album at a discounted rate. These packs are available for the Wii only on Rock Band 3. Most downloadable songs are playable within every game mode, including the Band World Tour career mode. All downloadable songs released before October 26, 2010 are cross-compatible between Rock Band, Rock Band 2 and Rock Band 3, while those after only work with Rock Band 3. All songs that are available to Rock Band 3 will be playable in Rock Band Blitz. Certain songs deemed "suitable for all ages" by Harmonix are also available for use in Lego Rock Band.
Yellow Wolf admitted to going by two names, of which Yellow Wolf was not the one he preferred. The name came out of a vision, but it was also one that white men called him. The Yellow Wolf was a wyakin for him. He talked to McWhorter, about his vision quest as a boy of 13. In it, he saw a vision of a yellow wolf. "It was a Spirit of a wolf that appeared to me. Yellow like in color, it sort of floated in the air. Like a human being it talked to me, and gave me its power...That was how I got named Yellow Wolf. Named for that vision-wolf appearing to me. It was yellow-colored, and gave me the power of the wolf." But even though he went by the name, he said that Yellow Wolf was not what he was normally called among his people. He was known more for that among whites. "The whites call me Yellow Wolf, but I take that as a nick-name. My true name is different, and is after the Spirit which gave me promise of its power as a warrior. I am Heinmot Hihhih, which means White Thunder (or White Lightning). Yellow Wolf is not my own chosen name."
The Presentation of Our Lord Chapel is a historic chapel in Nikolai, Alaska.  The church parish is believed to have been started long before 1915, in the Old Nikolai area, and moved because of flooding of the old area.
CAMCO chose Slingsby Aircraft of Kirbymoorside, England to build the new aircraft, called the V-Liner, in 1968. A prototype was expected to fly in late 1969, while it was hoped to build 42 in four years, with several hundred built over a longer period. V-Liners would be available only for lease from CAMCO, not for sale. Variants would be the "CV2 Video Liner", "CV3 Vector" and "CV4 Victory Liner".
Soundtrack was composed by S. A. Rajkumar.
While searching for a label to release the album, Beaulieu solicited the talent of SF psychedelic poster artist Alan Forbes. During a meeting to discuss art concepts, Forbes revealed that he, along with his Secret Serpents business partner Justin Mcneal, had started a label called Valley King Records. They agreed to release a pair of singles as a series of limited edition silk-screened cover 7"s, all signed and hand numbered by Forbes. "Pyramid Mirrors" was released in November, 2011; the entire limited pressing of 500 sold out entirely on pre-order. The second 7", entitled "Infrared Moses", followed in March 2012.
Filming of the first season took place in Calgary, as well as areas in central and southern Alberta, Canada. The T'suu T'ina Native Indian Reservation, an Indian reserve in southern Alberta, was the location for most of the exteriors.
Epiparthia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Amsel in 1935, and contains the species E. vasta. It is found in Jordan.
Single-decker rigid buses are used mainly on bus lines with an average ridership (for example, as transit buses or regional buses on routes with normal levels of patronage), or as coaches.
She worked to defeat Proposition 98 the statewide measure that would have banned rent control. As planning commissioner, she worked to pass laws that would stop owner move in evictions of seniors, the disabled or the terminally ill.
Addressing his supporters S.Kurginyan also stressed that this did not happen due to "between others thanks to our modest efforts."
Young is married to Melissa Bailey of Omaha, Nebraska and they have two sons. They were married on July 2, 2011 in the Salt Lake Temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
These were relatively early cases in the complex socio-legal scenario which is now called the Treaty of Waitangi claims and settlements.
The church is a Gothic Revival structure built with an Akron Plan interior.  It appears to be built of brick, but the structure actually relies on limestone for its foundation and walls, with a roof of ceramic tile and occasional elements of wood.  Located on a corner lot, the building features a tower on the corner facing the intersection; worshippers can enter by climbing a small flight of stairs to the base of the tower.  Large gabled sections with fat ogee-arched windows face both streets, with a functional addition to the rear.
This species occurs in the Gulf of Mexico.
In September 2011, the West Coast Environment Network and Forest and Bird appealed the granting of the consents to the Environment Court because of the likely impacts on rare landscapes and habitats for threatened species in the conservation estate and because of the climate change impacts from the carbon dioxide released from the coal. The Environment Court hearing of the appeals of the resource consents began on 29 October 2012 and ended on 18 December 2012.
Carkesse was educated at Westminster School and Magdalen College, Oxford. He became head of Magdalen College School, in 1663, and was elected F.R.S. in 1664. He worked in the Naval Office in London later in the 1660s, clerking under William Brouncker in 1666. There he was known to Samuel Pepys, and Pepys's Diary gives details of Carkesse and his dismissal from the office in 1667 and reinstatement. He finally lost his position, in 1673.
The next day, the Syrian Revolution General Commission (SRGC) told Al Jazeera that Syrian army troops re-entered several areas of the suburb and shelled some of them. The SRGC said that limited clashes took place between government troops and FSA fighters, and that explosions could be heard on Mesraba Bridge and Aleppo Street. The group also reported that troops used heavy machine guns to fire on homes in several areas of Douma, including Jisr Mesraba, and al-Hal market. At least one person was killed during the violence. The clashes that broke out outside Douma between security forces and defectors appeared to be a bid by government troops to recapture the town, according to the Syrian Observatory For Human Rights. A video reportedly by the FSA said that if the Syrian army stormed Douma they would fire rockets at the presidential palace and execute 5 senior officers they captured.
CA Bizertin are ranked ahead of FUS Rabat on head-to-head record.
It covers the Thoeng District of Chiang Rai Province and Chiang Kham and Phu Sang Districts of Phayao Province. 
The Middlesex Regiment was expanded in 1680 and divided into two regiments: the Lower (or 1st) and Upper (or 2nd) Middlesex Regiments.  The 181st Infantry traces its lineage back to the 2nd Middlesex Regiment; the 182d Infantry, to the 1st Middlesex Regiment.
In June 1868, he married Isabelle Vahinetua Shaw, who had a Tahitian mother and an English father.
He was a member of the New York State Senate (7th D.) from 1836 to 1839, sitting in the 59th, 60th, 61st and 62nd New York State Legislatures.
A local gangster, Shing (Gordon Lam), impressed by Siu Sheung's fighting skills, recruits him into his gang, part of the impressive Matsumoto syndicate, run by Boss Hon Yu (Jimmy Wang Yu). Desperate for the money, Siu Sheung takes the job and soon finds himself working as personal bodyguard to Hon Yu's beautiful yet feisty daughter, Annie (Stephy Tang). When Shing embarks on a violent coup to overthrow Hon Yu, Siu Sheung is forced into action, not only to protect Annie, but to defeat evil and restore peace and harmony to the community.
First church of the village was built in the 13th or 14th Century with an arch type closed sanctrum. The narrow-windowed Romanesque nave is on the ruins of the old church, and its dimensions have not changed.
The fight drew 1.5 Million pay per view buys.
In August Sir Harry was walked 170 miles to compete in a four mile match race at York against the 1798 St Leger winner Symmetry in which he was scheduled to concede two pounds to his opponent. Very heavy rain turned the ground extremely soft and left parts of the course "knee deep" in mud and water. Sir Harry started 2/5 favourite but Symmetry coped better with the conditions to take the 500 guinea prize. A rematch was quickly arranged for the following spring at Newmarket
This is the college cultural fest. It is held in the second or third week of February and usually is a week-long event. Every year we have a theme for Gandhaar which gives us a valuable message. The themes are chosen to enlighten various art forms like dance, street plays, sports, festival days. Gandhaar is the time when students and teachers can roll up their sleeve and get down on stage to let their talents bloom and accept a challenge.
The Rainbow Media Awards recognized CCTV host Qiu Qiming as the China Rainbow Media Special Contribution Award. Qiming has paid attention to LGBTI issues for many years. He publicly supports LGBT communities and tirelessly promotes an accepting society; a society moving away from conservatism and traditionalism; a society embracing diversity. His programs have enabled a better public understanding of LGBTI issues, and have contributed positively to the elimination of stigma and prejudice.
This section provided that the Act did not extend to Scotland or Ireland, and that it came into operation on 24 October 1883.
englisch: ''Athens, Attica and the Megarid. An archaeological guide'', Routledge, London-New York 2001 ISBN 978-0-415-24370-4
Hypsopygia pelasgalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Hypsopygia. It was described by Walker in 1859, and is known from Korea, Japan, China and Taiwan.
After World War II the Jewish community in Sioux City began to decline.  By the mid 1980s the population was down to 700 people, and by 2001 it was down to 300.  The Jewish congregations in Sioux City combined their religious schools in 1990. Four years later the congregations themselves merged at Beth Shalom, the Conservative synagogue.
He later started a small independent film company and began shooting films. This was his second. The Sleeping Soul was filmed in January 2012, and premiered on March 3, 2012.
Campus buildings are located  at the toll booth Attack West, located in front of Park Banten Special Forces.
In February 2012, Zagame was named in the 17-member training squad for the 2012 Summer Olympics, and attended a training camp that started on 20 February 2012 at the Australian Institute of Sport. She was part of the Stingers squad that competed in a five-game test against Great Britain at the AIS in late February 2012. This was the team's first matches against Great Britain's national team in six years. The team will be cut to thirteen before the team departs for the Olympic games, with the announcement scheduled on 13 June.
On appeal, the court held that Mr Amory was not liable for the losses.  Justice Samuel Putnam wrote the opinion, saying,
Skydive Robertson operates on weekends and public holidays and offers tandem skydiving, static line progression training, accelerated freefall progression training and provides a facility for sports skydivers.
Shortly into the couple's marriage, Nancy cites her first incident of spousal abuse, where her drunken husband attempted to push her out of a moving car. She later claimed that other incidents of physical abuse occurred in her marriage sporadically, but intensified after her husband lost his job at Borg Warner Automotive. She stated that "Bob would shove. That's what he liked to do, shove and push against walls. Most of my bruisings were either that he would grab me by an article of clothing or an arm. He would squeeze my arm and push me against the wall. Sometimes I'd get knocked down." Nancy's younger son Greg stated that he saw his father both physically and mentally abuse his mother; however, her older son Jeff denies that any abuse ever occurred.
On 1 May 1900, the Wolverhampton District Electric Tramways Company purchased the assets of the Bilston and District Tramways from British Electric Traction. The newly electrified line to Dudley was transferred to the new Company, on 1 February 1901.
Twosome. The State Russian Museum. St. Petersburg. Palace Edition. 2002, ISBN 3-935298-40-4.
Selwyn married in 1910 to Phyllis Eleanor Hoskyns, daughter of the Bishop of Southwell. He had a daughter and three sons, one of his sons was killed in action on 1945. After his first wife died he married a widow Mrs Barbara Williams in 1942.
Helen Lear from The Music wrote that Strangeland "will still sound to some like middle-of-the-road indie-pop" and "pretty much what you would expect from Keane", but "the tempo is noticeably more upbeat and the style more diverse than previous albums" and "offers some more fun in a grown-up style that may attract new fans to take a listen." Chris Roberts of the BBC criticised Strangeland as "an unabashed scurry back to the comfort zone", and that "Keane lack blood, guts and muscle", with the album ultimately classed as "a somewhat saddening step backwards." John Murphy of musicOMH rated the album two stars out of five, where "melodies are stodgy and predictable", with "a whole bucket of cliches piled in", calling Strangeland "proof positive that playing it safe is not always the best option." Ian Gittins of Virgin Media felt the album was "major musical step back from the wilful experimentalism of Perfect Symmetry, a record that saw Keane hiring dance producer Stuart Price and leaping far out of their comfort zone", commenting that the album "finds them fairly back in the middle of the road".
He made his international debut for Iceland in 2012.
Following its acquisition by Bloomsbury, the story went through a number of revisions prior to publication. Regarding the tale's development, Maas stated, "In the 10 years that I've been working on the series, Throne of Glass has become more of an original epic fantasy than a Cinderella retelling, but you can still find a few nods to the legend here and there."
The Zohar Chadash (parashat ki tavo, daf 73a) states that because no human knew the hiding place of Rabbi Shimon and his son, the Chevraya Kadisha would send notes to Rabbi Shimon with their questions by means of a dove, and he would reply to them the same way, via the dove. Rabbi Shimon was distressed that there was nobody to reveal the secrets of the Torah to the Chevraya Kadisha, and therefore when he went out from the cave he began to reveal secrets of the Torah to them, part of which is the book Tikunei haZohar.
Alessio was born in Naples, and was known to be active in 1710. He painted in the Palazzo Ruspoli and the Palazzo Albani in Rome. He was said to have been excellent at depictions of fires, and in attempting to paint one from nature, set up a damaging conflagration. For this, he apparently was sentenced to years as a galley slave, till he was pardoned under Pope Clement XI, for whom Alessio painted many canvases of perspective, landscape, and marinescapes. He was said to have been influenced by Salvatore Rosa and Claude Lorraine. His son was also a landscape artist.
On 1 September 2012, MOJWA took over the northern town of Douentza, which had previously been held by a Songhai secular militia, the Ganda Iso (Songhai for "Sons of the Land"). Omar Ould Hamaha said that the group had an agreement with the Ganda Iso to govern the town, but had then decided to take it over when the militia appeared to be acting independently. After MOJWA's troops surrounded the town, the militia reportedly surrendered without a fight and were then disarmed.
Grohe opened a 15,000 square-feet showroom for professional partners and visitors on Fifth Avenue, New York in September 2011. In February 2012, Grohe announced its US headquarters will move from Bloomingdale, Illinois to New York City.
The film was nominated both for a Bodil and Robert award for Best Danish Film, and Jens Okking won the Bodil Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role for his performance.
Horne, John N. ''State, Society and Mobilization in Europe during the First World War'' (2002)
On June 23, 1990 LAN-Chile 707-312B is damaged beyond repair at Santiago, Chile.
International experts spoke about their experiences in other jurisdictions around the world. There were six individuals who were keynote speakers at the Summit:
It was announced in 2012 that Kishore, the villain actor of Aadukalam and Polladhavan fame will play the male lead and Sneha would play the female lead. It was later speculated that Sneha might quit as she is about to get married on 11 May 2012 but, the shooting started from 10 March 2012 and Sneha was confirmed for the role. It is also reported that Sneha had quit Kochadaiyaan for Haridas, on asking the same to the director, he said that Sneha was extremely excited upon hearing the script and accepted the role immediately. She had reportedly said that out of the 80 odd scripts she had heard, none had excited her more. The crucial role of the boy was given to 'Prithviraj Das'.
Baan is an Ogoni language of Nigeria.
Ukolova won her first senior international medal, bronze, at the 2013 Warsaw Cup. During the season, she trained mainly in Prague and also spent a week per month in Oberstdorf. At the Olympics in Sochi, she qualified for the free skate and finished 22nd overall.
SU won the election at the conservative newspaper ABC in Madrid. At the Barajas printing centre, SU won 7 out of the 13 committee seats. At the calle Serrano editorial and administrative office, SU won 7 out of 22 seats.
Old Testament scholar Derek Kidner describes the Protevangelium as "the first glimmer of the gospel." Several of the early Church fathers, such as Justin Martyr (160 AD) and Irenaeus (180 AD) regarded this verse "as the Protoevangelium, the first messianic prophecy in the Old Testament."
Two-Piece Reclining Figure No. 9 is a bronze sculpture of 1967 by the English artist Henry Moore, which exists in several versions and is catalogued as LH 576.  
Karl H. Kellogg Elementary School
In 2012 AudioPorn had the highest number of releases to date with EPs and singles from Xilent, High Maintenance, Dilemn, Fourward, Tha New Team and Hybrid Minds. AudioPorn also exclusively signed another artist to the label - a Bristol-based drum and bass trio Mediks, who delivered their debut release Outbreak EP, followed by Fast Lane EP later in the year.
In 1957 it became a school for blind children run by the RNIB; the school moved to Coventry in 2002.
In 1952, Harold Carstens (known to his friends as "Hal") joined the staff as an associate editor. He had been a contributor to the magazine before coming on board as a full-time staff member. He moved up the editorial ranks and was named president of the company following the retirement of Charles Penn in 1962. In 1955 the company moved to larger quarters in an old telephone company building on Arch Street in Ramsey. A second move placed the company in the historic Ramsey Journal building right alongside the Erie Railroad main line and across the street from the Ramsey train station in July 1963. Hal Carstens purchased the company outright from Charles Penn later that year and renamed it Carstens Publications in 1969.
Dean James Robert Rance (born 24 September 1991) is an English footballer who plays for Ebbsfleet United as a defensive midfielder.
The novel has received generally positive reviews.
The SAIMAN LB.2 appeared at the Milan show of 1937, though Flight dismissed it as a "freak". Jane's All the World's Aircraft 1938 described it as "now built under licence by SAIMAN" but it is not certain that more than the prototype was constructed.
Jayshree Gadkar as  Mrs. Shrikant Verma
"Using Child Care Tax Benefits in New York State". ''CPA Journal'', March: 10-15, 2009
The medal is created by Abulfaz Elchibey, the former President of Azerbaijan on March 25, 1992 by the Decree No.201. Initially this medal was given to 23 people in June 1992.
The area forms the eastern edge of the Alps as it transitions to the Pannonian Plain and Vienna Basin. Its bedrock consists of limestone. The nature park is easily accessible, but charges are levied for certain facilities and for access by car.
If I didn't think we had gotten a shot, I'd have Nestor shoot it again and have them print both takes. But by the time we got to Paris we were totally exhausted because it was a really grueling schedule and I would never even get to see a location. Talia Coppola was with us on the film and she would be scouting locations for us, and I'd tell her when you get to Rouen, or someplace like that, just go buy all the postcards you can and we'll use that to find our locations. That's how we did a lot of it.
Episcopi vagantes in church history. A.J. Macdonald. London: Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, 1945.
The new traditional ruler of Ukwulu town is His Royal Highness Igwe Peter Anukwu Uyanwa. The Ezeukwu of Ukwulu land
The series is as yet incomplete with five out of the six planned volumes having so far been published.
Its normalization is a genus 6 curve with automorphism group isomorphic to the symmetric group S5.
After graduating from secondary school in 1968, Bartels was admitted to the University of Ghana, where he studied law. After obtaining his bachelor's degree in 1971, Bartels continued his studies at the Ghana School of Law in order to become a professional lawyer.
Matthew Williams (born November 16, 1987) is an American soccer player currently playing for the Dayton Dutch Lions of USL Pro.
Strickland invented a special green slime that turned people into monsters. However it only worked in the virtual world and was good for a one time use. When JB was seeking a quiet place to study, he was ambushed by Skugs, but was able to defeat them. Unfortunately however, he was soon taken to the Battle Grid where he was ambushed again and administered the formula. After going back to our reality, JB slowly transformed into a green-skinned, silver-haired mutant with long claws, who would then be known as Transmutant. Transmutant can dissolve into slime. Grimlord tested him in battle where Toxoid used Venobot, Bugbot, and Crabor on him. Under Grimlord's control, he was assigned to kill Ryan. In mid-battle, Ryan saved JB from falling off a cliff. JB was confused with Ryan's actions, as Ryan made an effort to reason with him. Finally free of Grimlord's control, both Troopers fought off Wolfbot, Crabor, Bugbot, Venobot, and the Mutant Skugs together. Once they got back to the lab, JB was restored to normal again. Transmutant seems to fit the category of Toxoid's army.
Guillermo Coria was the defending champion, but did not participate this year.
Spring Hill is a locality north west of Port Kembla, New South Wales, in the Wollongong LGA, in the Illawarra.
Present Editor is Lakshman Gunasekara. 
The black students in Pascoe's research were less likely to engage in fag discourse than the other students. These students often teased one another for being or acting white. If black students did use the fag epithet, they were often talking about homosexuals, rather than effeminate men. When confronted with an effeminate, gay dancer, for instance, black students reacted with humor and admiration for his skills, rather than the violent reactions typical of white students.
City: Panama City Beach, Fla.
After years of debates about the inclusion of domestic labor, household employees working at least two days a week for the same person were added in 1950, along with nonprofit workers and the self-employed. Hotel workers, laundry workers, all agricultural workers, and state and local government employees were added in 1954.
This article also draws on the French Wikipedia article.
Coming into 2013, there were high expectations that he could earn the starting free safety position, but he was placed on the injured reserve list on Aug 31, 2013, with a sprained left foot that he suffered in the Pro Football Hall of Fame Game.
In 2006 Smith was promoted to the rank of Brigadier and appointed the Assistant Commander of the 1st Division and Deployable Joint Force Headquarters. He subsequently deployed to Iraq, serving as the Commanding General of the Joint Headquarters Transition Team (JHQ-TT) within the US led Multi-National Security Transition Command - Iraq. For his service as the Assistant Commander of the 1st Division, Commander of the 9th Brigade and Commanding General of the JHQ-TT, Smith was appointed as a Member of the Order of Australia in 2010. 
The Oglethorpe Plan was an embodiment of all of the major themes of the Enlightenment, including science, humanism, and secular government. Georgia became the only American colony infused at its creation with Enlightenment ideals: the last of the Thirteen Colonies, it would become the first to embody the principles later embraced by the Founders. Remnants of the Oglethorpe Plan exist today in Savannah, showcasing a town plan that retains the vibrancy of ideas behind its conception.
Ferraro briefly returned to New England where he was awarded the NWW Undisputed Brass Knuckles title on May 6, 2006. He also entered a championship tournament for the NWW U.S. Heavyweight Championship. He defeated Dave Showtime in the opening round (May 6) but was eliminated in the semi-finals (May 7) by Eric Shred via disqualification. He also teamed with Ron Zombie to defeat Justin Credible and The Sandman in a Beds of Nails Death match for Powerhouse Wrestling a week later. On July 22, a tag team match against Karnage and Abdul Hannish ended in a no-contest when Ferraro turned against his partner Brick Crawford. Feuding with the heavyweight champion, he defeated Crawford for the CWA Montreal Heavyweight title on August 19, 2006.
In December, Lee competed at Elite Canada in Abbotsford, Canada.  She placed second in the all around competition with a score of 56.150.  In event finals, Lee won floor scoring 14.75 and placed third on both uneven bars and balance beam scoring 14.20 and 14.35 respectively.
base model for FAI microlight category.
Dean released an updated version with re-recorded vocals and new mixes as a digital single in February 14th, 2011.
Below are a series of examples of internal exposure.
Wayne Ferreira was the defending champion, but lost in the first round this year.
The top eight qualifiers in the qualification phase (limit two per NOC) advanced to the apparatus final. Qualification scores were then ignored, with only final round scores counting.
Other measures such as the restriction of truck traffic at night, the watering of roads to reduce dust formation, and the covering of trucks to prevent spilling have also been implemented by mining companies. These have not proven to be sufficient in providing any substantial change, but they should not be dismissed as viable environmental protection measures.
Ken Doubleday (born 14 February 1926 - 8 June 2014 ) is an Australian former hurdler and triple jumper who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
After the show was ordered to series, some recurring roles and guest appearances were announced. On August 14, Vernee Watson and Tom Wright were announced as Tommy's parents. On August 20, Rob Corddry was announced as Buddy, Kate's boss and BJ's boyfriend. On August 23, Lindsay Sloane was announced as Louise, an ex-girlfriend of Ben's who unexpectedly tracks him down. On September 5, Geoff Stults was announced as Will, a love interest for Kate. On November 5, Jane Seymour was announced as Wendy, BJ's mother. On November 9, Brittany Snow was announced as Lila, a love interest for Tommy. On January 10, 2013 Niecy Nash was announced as Roz, the wife of Buddy.
India is the world's largest consumer of fuelwood, agricultural waste and biomass for energy purposes. From the most recent available nationwide study, India used 148.7 million tonnes coal replacement worth of fuelwood and biomass annually for domestic energy use. India's national average annual per capita consumption of fuel wood, agri water and biomass cakes was 206 kilogram coal equivalent.
Marinelli became interested in analog synthesizers in his teenage years. His piano instructor knew of another student with these interests and introduced Marinelli to Brian Banks. Marinelli and Banks became known for performances as a synthesizer duo, including as an opener for the Los Angeles Philharmonic in 1980.
Prior to his election to the mayoralty, Lockhart worked in media as a reporter, manager and proprietor of radio stations in the Saint John area, including CFBC and CFBC-FM. He also served as a director of Broadcast News, and as a regional director of the Canadian Association of Broadcasters.
The aircraft is supplied as a kit for amateur construction or as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
IF (food is rancid) OR (service is very poor) THEN (tip is cheap).
On 14 April 2004, the Annaberg was declared a Polish historic monument.
The timing was exceedingly poor. Along with the decreases in advertising revenue related to the Colombian recession of the late 1990s, many of the major advertisers, linked to the economic groups that controlled Caracol and RCN, pulled their advertising budgets from the mixed system. To survive financially, many companies turned to televentas, or infomercials, but those caused viewers to flee Canal Uno and Canal A, as did the increased programming flexibility enjoyed by the new private channels. The crisis was on.
Corruption Watch is a South African non-governmental organisation which monitors incidents of corruption that involve public resources, trade union resources, lottery and donated charitable resources in South Africa.
On 13 January 2014 Francis completed his medical and penned a 6 months contract with Khaleej Sirte S.C.
She is one of the organizers of Access2Research.
The larvae feed on Tylophora stolzii, Tylophora anomala, Marsdenia racemosa, Gongronema latifolium, Cynanchum, Gymnema and Secamone species.
The Military Aviation Museum in Virginia Beach, Virginia, is home to one of the world's largest collections of warbirds in flying condition. It includes examples from Germany, Japan, Russia, the United Kingdom and the United States, from both World War I and World War II, although the complete collection ranges from the 1910s to the early 1950s.
A. J. Spiker serves as an adviser to RandPAC and is a former State Chairman of the Republican Party of Iowa (RPI).  As state chairman, he served as a member of the Republican National Committee (RNC).
The Committee of 48 traces its roots to January 1919, when a gathering of individuals interested in public affairs gathered in New York City. Those so assembled decided that a formal organization should be sponsored and decided to issue a call for a National Conference. The name "Committee of 48" was chosen as a reflection of the desire to form a national organization bringing together interested representatives of each of the nation's 48 states.
It is unknown when he was born, or died, or where. All O'Neill could say for certain was that he was alive in the third quarter of the 1800s.
He was employed by the National Museum of Natural History in Washington. Fisher was especially interested in Buprestidae and Cerambycidae.
Being a global participatory art project makes it easy for anyone around the world to participate, and it does not take much to get started. In order to begin this process, one may create an account on the website for the InsideOut Project. After that is completed, one may submit a group action: motivation can come from wanting to spread joy and celebrate life or protesting a serious issue in a community.
explaining the function, use or purpose which the object of the criticism fulfills.
As of 1 May 2014, twenty-eight sites have been designated as being of prefectural importance.
Very quickly, Ismail Sait built on the success of his shop and diversified into an astonishing variety of businesses. At the age of 22, he became a director in the newly-established Carnatic Mills (which later merged with another mill to become the well-known Binny Mills). He owned and operated mines in Kolar Gold Fields and Shimoga. He supplied various provisions to the British army establishment in Bangalore, including horse gram. He traded in timber. 
At the 2014 Asian Games in Incheon, Anh Vien won the broze medals in th 200m Backstroke and the 400m Individual Medley event.
Beginning in 2002, Abacoa hosts the annual Fiesta Maya, based on the traditions of the highland Guatemala town of Jacaltenango, with the participation of the local Jacaltec community as well as students from Florida Atlantic University's Harriet L. Wilkes Honors College.
Hohlmeier was a CSU delegate to the Federal Convention for the purpose of electing the President of Germany in May 2004.
McKay started his career with Third Lanark in 1963. The club were relegated to the Second Division in his second season. He played 71 times scoring twice before moving to Motherwell after Thirds went bust in 1967. He stayed there for two years, making 39 appearances and won the Second Division in his second season with the club. After being released by Motherwell McKay moved to Dumbarton where he played until retiring in 1974. He played 106 times there, scoring twice and won the Second Division in his third season with the club. While at Dumbarton he played with many notable players such as Murdo MacLeod, John Cushley, Willie Wallace and Ian Wallace
In March 2011 it was announced that Vickers has been collaborating with Starsailor frontman James Walsh, indicating a heavier and rockier direction for her second album. Vickers made a second visit to Los Angeles on 14 March 2011 to do further studio work with John Shanks. On 30 June 2011 Vickers revealed on her official Tumblr account that she had parted company with RCA Records due to creative differences. She went on further to assure her fans that the second album is still proceeding and that she is proud of it. It was uncertain whether Vickers would be signed to a new record label or would release her album independently. Vickers was signed to So Recordings in early 2013.
Rob Hennigan is the general manager of the Orlando Magic. Hired at age 30, he is the youngest GM in the NBA.
The home is in the style of Victorian Gothic Revival architecture, including the typical steeply-pitched roof and an asymmetrical bay window layout. Legend says the home was designed to look like a riverboat.
23653940 Warrant Officer Class 1 Brian KEENAN, Corps of Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers, Territorial Army.
Los Chinos de Ponce (English: "The Chinesemen of Ponce"), formally King's Ice Cream, is an ice cream store located at Calle Marina 9322 in the city of Ponce, Puerto Rico, in front of the town square, Plaza Degetau, opposite the historic Parque de Bombas. Critics have called the store "a Puerto Rican institution" and its ice cream "the Caribbean's best." It has also been called "Puerto Rico's most famous ice cream stand." Another critic called it "reason for which I'll always remember Ponce."
New purchases of the game are provided with a one-time use card granting access code that unlocks the game's Cerberus Network, an online downloadable content and news service that enables bonus content for the game. However, users who buy the game used have to pay for the Cerberus Network separately if they want access to the bonus content. The downloadable content packs that require the Cerberus Network are free, while those that do not require it are priced. The content listed as promotional content was only available to the Microsoft Windows and Xbox 360 versions of the game through limited promotional opportunities. Later, most of these packs were bundled together into larger packages and exclusively released on the PlayStation Network for PlayStation 3 users.
Hunter was suggested as a possible UUP candidate in the South Antrim by-election, 2000, but the party instead stood David Burnside.
'''1st''', 2012 and 2016 National Championships, Calgary, Canada (Olympic "A" Standard).
Paul played for Wellington. In 1972 he was selected for the New Zealand Kiwis. He played in three test matches, one against Australia and two at the 1972 World Cup.
Fritzolenellus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites, with three known species. It lived during the early part of the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period. Fritzolenellus occurred in parts of the paleocontinent Laurentia in what are now Northwestern Canada, Northwestern Scotland, and North-Greenland.
The species is widely distributed in Southeastern Australia from New South Wales to South Australia.
Annunciation Church in Szentendre is a Serbian Orthodox church in Hungary. Local church parish is under the jurisdiction of Eparchy of Buda.
Bromio is the first album by the Italian experimental rock band Zu, released in 1999.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.  It is located in the Gospel Hill Historic District.
Human rights conditions started to decline by 2007 when torture began to be employed again and in 2010 it was described by Human Rights Watch as "dismal".
Progressive closures of the quarries led to the decline of this once thriving local community in the 20th century. The old flooded Monkredding Quarry at NS329452 is a Provisional Local Nature Conservation Site as designated by the Scottish Wildlife Trust in co-operation with North Ayrshire Council.
Series 2 received a similar critical response, with Time Out giving 3 out of 5 stars to the first episode  and 2 out of 5 stars to the second episode. Again the show was both criticised and praised for its relentless jokes, with one critic calling the second series "black-hole dense with good gags" but saying he "couldn't wait for the experience to end."
As well as fighting fire, the service attends tens of thousands of specialist services such as road traffic incidents, water rescue and flooding incidents. In 2014-15 it attended 10,740 non-fire related emergency incidents.
In 1907, the plant that remains today was built at the northeast corner of Jones and River Streets.  The rectangular two-and-a-half story brick foundry building remains a Manistee landmark.  It is 120 feet wide and 270 feet long with a gabled roof.
With 88 pages and 45 illustrated stories, the first of the Tiny Stories series used contributions of over 8,600 submissions from 67 writers and artists.
Tanaka has played for the Tohoku Free Blades since 2010. He previously played at university level for Meiji University. He has also played in the senior Japan national team since 2012.
Ranitomeya sirensis is a species of poison dart frog found in the Amazonian rainforests of northern Bolivia (Pando Department), westernmost Brazil (Acre), and eastern Peru.
Horse-drawn tram begins operating.
In 1827 and 1828 he was dean of the University itself. In 1854, as the Faculty of Mathematics of the University of Pavia (it previously belonged to the one of the Philosophy) was established, he was elected Director of Mathematical Studies and held such office until his death, which occurred 26 March 1860, just a month after being appointed senator.
Notable people with the surname include American homemaker Vivian Liberto, who was the first wife of country singer-songwriter Johnny Cash, and the mother of singer-songwriter Rosanne Cash.  Its derivative form Diliberto includes  Italian politician Oliviero Diliberto.
In wheelchair fencing, the purpose of classification is to insure that fencers are classified based on equitable functional mobility so that their training, skill level, talent and experience determine the outcome of a match, not their disability type.  This insures fairness in the sport.
He earned attention for a three-inning, five-strikeout performance on July 13, 2010, against Team USA's collegiate all-star team.
He initially managed the Tigers in 1912 and 1913 and then the Tars for a couple years, winning pennants in 1912 and 1914. Following 1914, he left baseball to become a doctor, but later returned to the sport.
1970 Corwen (GB): Bay gelding, by St. Paddy. Did not place in 10 starts.
On 25 November 2015, she was disqualified by the Ukrainian Athletic Federation since 30 September 2015 till 29 September 2019 due to doping rules violation. All her results from 26 August 2011 to 30 September 2015 were annulled, including the national record of 2:22:09, set at the Osaka Marathon in January 2015.
Towards the end of the summer STATIONER began to attack railway targets, power stations and aircraft works, in the hope that more adventurous sabotage was possible. In September a courier, Pearl Witherington, arrived to assist, and a month later Southgate was flown back to London to report on his progress.
Kim Un-hyang (born 21 October 1991) is a North Korean diver. Her main events are 10m platform and 10m synchronized platform. She competed in the 10 metre platform event at the 2012 Summer Olympics. She competed for the 2014 Asian Games at both women's 10m platform and synchronized platform. At the 2014 Asian Games,  She won the silver medal of women's 10m synchronized platform with her partner Song Nam Hyang and the bronze medal of the individual event. At the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, she won the bronze medal of women's 10m synchronized platform with her partner Song Nam Hyang. She competed in the women's 10 metre platform event at the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, coming seventh overall.
Andrea Kelly (born Andrea Danyell Lee, February 28, 1974), also known as "Drea", is a choreographer, dancer and actress. She is best known for being R. Kelly's ex wife and the mother of his three children; the couple got divorced in 2009 after almost 13 years of marriage. Andrea made her public debut in 2012 for the VH1 reality series Hollywood Exes and by later starring in her first featured film, "Before 'I Do'".
Leo L. Minaya is an American film actor. He acquired recognition from his role in the Sundance mega hit Manito (when he was only seventeen) and as America Ferrera's love interest, Sal, in How the Garcia Girls Spent Their Summer.  His first starring role came in the form of gay paraplegic Morgan Oliver in the 2012 film Morgan directed by Michael Akers. In addition to being his first starring performance, it was also his first time playing a gay character.
Track mode begins when a sensor produces a sustained detection in a specific volume of space.
Bowman, Martin W. ''Lockheed F-104 Starfighter''. Ramsbury, Marlborough, Wiltshire, UK: Crowood Press Ltd., 2000. ISBN 1-86126-314-7.
Cast iron dragons which were mounted on the eaves parapet above the entrance to the Coal Exchange were preserved and were erected as dragon boundary marks in October 1963 in Temple Gardens on Victoria Embankment.  Half-sized replicas were erected at the other main entrances to the City, in preference to the more fierce dragon at Temple Bar.
The most common concern about RTP-MIDI is related to latency issues (which is basically the most common discussion topic related to all modern Digital Audio Workstations), mainly because it uses the IP stack. It can however easily be shown that a correctly programmed RTP-MIDI application or driver does not exhibit more latency than other communication methods.
He has been a member of the Sporting Wheelies and Disabled Association and has trained at the Redcliffe Leagues Lawnton Club.
The Norman Aviation Nordic VII is a Canadian advanced ultralight aircraft, that was designed by Jacques Norman and produced by Norman Aviation of Saint-Anselme, Quebec. The aircraft was supplied as a kit for amateur construction or as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
The Narbona Pass runs through the caldera of the long-extinct Narbona Pass volcano, which formed from violent explosive activity.
Black Hand is a 1950 American film noir directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Gene Kelly as an Italian immigrant fighting against the Black Hand extortion racket in New York City in the first decade of the 20th century.
Allon, Yoram and Patterson, Hannah  '' Contemporary British and Irish Film Directors: A Wallflower Critical Guide''. Wallflower Pres, 2002. ISBN 1903364213
Epinephelus analogus is a grouper from the Eastern Pacific. It is the most abundant small grouper in the northern Gulf of California. It grows to a length of 114 cm.
Melody Francis (born 17 October 1988), is a professional squash player who represents Australia. She reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 34 in January 2012.
It stands to reason that, apa Type of site: Signal Tower Previous use: Signal Tower. Current use: Vacant. Outstanding historical significance. One of only two surviving towers.
The population of Nauru was enumerated by ethnicity between 1947 and 1977.
The family has influence mainly in Punjab province and their third generation is also becoming involved in Pakistani politics.
At the beginning of the 2000s, Fischer served as one of the advisors to Gabriele Zimmer.
For his performances he received the Pall Mall Exportprijs ("Pall Mall Export Award") in 1983. Mesdag used the award money to return to New York. He had ambitions of an international career and expected to be welcomed with open arms on Broadway. That, however, did not happen as in 1985, Mesdag was just one of many actors hoping for a break. After 5 months he returned to the Netherlands, where he picked up his Dutch career again. He performed in various works such as Die Fledermaus and The Dutch Black and White Minstrel Show.
He was knighted in 1876 and in 1881 was appointed Composer of Music to Queen Victoria in Scotland.
Sander is the brother of German actor Otto Sander.
The New Inquiry is an online magazine of cultural and literary criticism, established by Mary Borkowski, Jennifer Bernstein, and Rachel Rosenfelt in 2009 and administered as a 501(c)(3) nonprofit. The magazine's website updates daily, and every few weeks a new edition of the magazine comes out as a PDF.
Featured in the section "In the World of Books" of April 18, 1909 edition of the Los Angeles Herald, Betelguese, a Trip Through Hell was likened to George Sterling's poem "The Wine of Wizardry". In comparing the two poetic works, the columnist felt that "Betelguese" had made "Mr. Sterling's poor dragons look like small pink lizards," stating that De Esque's work had "immortalized the dreams of the opium eater." In later years, it had also been compared to the poetic work of Kenneth Patchen.
Bizarro Classic was produced by Robb Pratt in response to the critical acclaim he received for Superman Classic. According to Pratt, he chose to animate Bizarro to "create a 'Superman for the Ages' idea that doesn't commit to any particular era, but instead exists in a more classic, timeless setting." It took over 2,000 sheets to animate the two-minute film.
Mary's dad relents, letting her join Bob at his army base. Audrey returns home, her mother promising that things there will be better.
Francis Forster redirects here. For Sir Francis Forster, 3rd Baronet (1850-1930), see Forster baronets
Forty-seven men went down with U-436; there were no survivors.
Here another change of sides is required for the single tier, as the rope must then be passed in a similar fashion around the front side of the right pack-box or pack-bag, and finally tightened thoroughly, before being tied off onto the metal loop, by means of a half-hitch for example.
Association committees actively address issues involving judicial qualifications, public information programs, and law-related education in the public school system. 
The Faculty of Drama in Cetinje started its work in the academic year 1994/95, as a department of the Faculty of Fine Arts. In September 1997 it was established as an independent university unit.
Topics addressed in political science from these perspectives include: public opinion and criminal justice attitudes, political ideology, (e.g. the correlates of biology and political orientation), origins of party systems, voting behavior, and warfare.  Debates persist inside the field and out, regarding genetic and biological determinism.   Important recent surveys of leading research in biopolitics have been published in the journals Political Psychology and Science.
Botai sites have been found to have mare's milk residue in vessels and to have horses with tooth-wear interpreted as having been caused by using a bit for riding or traction.
In 1991, the gallery moved to New York. Currently located 745 Fifth Avenue, it has organized exhibitions by 20th century masters including Alfred Stieglitz, Man Ray, Moholy-Nagy, El Lissitzky, Robert Frank and Walker Evans.
Thandayuthapani was born on 7 August 1950 and educated at R. K. M. Sri Koneswara Vidyalayam. He graduated with a degree in economics before training to be a teacher at Palali Guru Vidyalayam.
In New Zealand J. planifolius is found in open, wet ground, and can be typically found on exposed clay, beside tracks or drains.
In March 2011, Bender then signed with Bellator Fighting Championships to face Josh Herrick at Bellator 35. Bender was taken down early on in the fight, but was able to stand back up and land a takedown of his own. Bender was able to secure a guillotine choke at 3:42 of the first round.
In November 30, 2012. Big Bang's win the "Guardian Angel Worldwide Performer" award on Mnet Asian Music Awards became the best concert ideas and latest effects of the world tour to perform of sensational artists.
Patrick tries to dissuade his daughter, Sienna, from finding her own daughter, Nico Blake (Persephone Swales-Dawson), after Sienna finds out that he had been lying about her being dead. Patrick speaks to Nico's adoptive mother, Denise, and convinces Sienna that another girl is her daughter and is happy where she is. However, when Nico runs away from Denise and finds Sienna, but Patrick threatens her into leaving. Sienna and Dodger then disown Patrick and later manage to find Nico. Patrick still threatens her so she retaliates by poisoning him which he believes Maxine to be doing. Patrick later begrudgingly accepts Nico.
For the Schwartzbergs and other surviving Jews the subsequent Soviet occupation was a liberation.  But Vilnius/Vilna - before the German invasion - was a predominately Polish and Jewish city - after the genocide in Lithuania, the Vilna Jewish society and community to which Schwartzberg previously belonged did not exist anymore.  Thus after the Schwartzbergs recuperated, and as the Red Army proceeded west-ward towards Berlin, Schwartzberg and his family also left Vilnius and moved west.  To the city of Szczecin in Poland, and then three weeks after the German capitulation, to Berlin.  An additional important calculation in Schwartzberg's decision to leave Vilna, his hometown, was also to avoid the forced migration east of many people in Lithuania by the Soviets, including surviving Jews.  For a related reason, he lied about his place of birth, as being Lodz, Poland, on arriving into East Berlin.  The Soviets had the policy then of repatriating people from the Baltics, often also shipping them further east.  For this reason he took the additional precaution of misinforming the Soviets about his place of birth and that of his wife and child.
The convoy commodore was Captain AJ Baxter in Baron Yarborough, and the convoy was protected by an understrength escort group. This was 36th Escort Group, consisting of the sloop Stork and the corvettes Convolvulus,  Penstemon and Vetch, joined later by Gardenia  and led by Cdr FJ "Johnnie" Walker. These were accompanied by two CAM ships, Empire Eve and Empire Heath, and the rescue ship Toward.
Results from uci.ch.
Matteo Boccaccini (born 8 February 1993) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender for Brescia.
The Nova Scotia House of Assembly was established in 1758 and the Nova Scotia Council became the Upper House until 1838 when it became the Legislative Council of Nova Scotia, which was dissolved 1929.
The video features a male Lady Gaga impersonator donning Gaga's meat dress during a tour of a "concrete jungle" in Johannesburg. Her guide (Dave Kibuuka) points out Die Antwoord, who are preparing to street-perform and she remarks that she wishes to tour with them, a reference to Die Antwoord's former label, Interscope Records, contacting them in March 2012 and informing them Gaga wished to have the band open for her during the Born This Way Ball, to which they declined. In the video, Gaga's minibus is hijacked and she flees in fear. During her escape she discovers the office of a gynecologist (Kagiso Lediga). She complains that there is something "really funny going on down there" before he removes a parktown prawn from her vagina. The scene is based on a drawing by Anton Kannemeyer titled "Black Gynecologist". After leaving the office, she is chased and eaten by a lion. In between the scenes of Gaga are scenes of Yo-Landi, Ninja, and DJ Hi-Tek performing, most scenes showing them in full body paint including blackface.
808 Mafia is an American record production and songwriting team, founded by record producers Southside and Lex Luger. Southside is currently at the helm of the group with producer TM88 serving as the group's second. The group also includes producers Purps, Tarentino, NonstopDaHitman, Be-Bop, YK, Fuse, MP808, Tre Pound, OG Taxx, Chris Fresh, DY, Hussein, Taliban Ju, Gezin, The Swede, Steve Lean, Fameus, TrayWitTheMac11 and TT.
He graduated in Law in 1974 from King's College London. Budhrani later attended the Inns of Court School of Law becoming a barrister in August 1975.
resource location website: http://www.ebi.ac.uk/ego/
10 U.S.C. 1050 (Latin American Cooperation). Section 1050 is similar to Section 1051, but specifically applies to the travel, subsistence, and special compensation of officers and students of Latin American countries and other expenses that the Secretary considers necessary for Latin American cooperation.
The Probate and Family Court of Massachusetts has jurisdiction over family matters such as divorce, paternity, child support, custody, visitation, adoption, termination of parental rights, and abuse prevention. Probate matters include jurisdiction over wills, administrations, guardianships, conservatorships and change of name. The Court also has general equity jurisdiction.
The synagogue is built in a Romanesque-Moorish style. 
Surjit Singh died in a car accident in 1984 near Kartarpur in Jalandhar district after his retirement from the game. The hockey stadium in Jalandhar (Surjit Hockey Stadium) is named after him. A hockey academy named after him is also being run by the Government of Punjab. In 1984, after his death, the Surjit Hockey Society was established in Jalandhar, and it organizes the annual Surjit Memorial Hockey Tournament in Jalandhar, every year, In 2012, in an effort to revive the sport in the state, Government of Punjab announced its decision to support the society. He was posthumously awarded the Arjuna Award  in 1998.
The main task of this work is, however, in the area of logistics, on coordination to assemble vehicle parts. These are suspensions, shock absorbers, vehicle headlights, radio receivers and motors, which are produced by local manufacturers, and then here in the factory for delivery to other works on the so-called semi-knocked-down kits are packaged parts. So far here in Taipei the Isuzu Elf and Isuzu LT134 manufactured.
Leonie attended The Harris School of speech and drama, Elliott trained as an actress at the Identity School of Acting in London.
Graham Hill also used the Shadow DN1 during the 1973 season for his newly established team, Embassy Racing.  Driving the team's only entry, which ran in a largely white scheme, Hill failed to score any points with the DN1.  His best finish was ninth at the Belgian Grand Prix.  Embassy Hill switched to Lolas for the following season.
Kahagas made his debut for Full Impact Pro's Inaugural Show, defeating Dagon Briggs and Thunderbolt Norton. In his first year of wrestling, Kahagas feuded with Dagon Briggs and Brian Gamble with the latter of which he came out on top of. On April 9, 2003, he won the Jersey Championship Wrestling (JCW) Lightweight Championship defeating Shawn Sherdian. With FIP being the sister promotion to Ring of Honor, FIP wrestlers could also wrestle at ROH shows and Kahagas was no different, at Glory By Honor Kahagas lost a six man mayhem match which was won by Trent Acid. In September, Kahagas participated in the FIP Heavyweight Championship tournament, making the second round before being eliminated by Rainman. Kahagas continued to wrestler for FIP until March 2006, in his last match he defeated Kenny King.
Karolos Papoulias, President of Hellenic Republic, was awarded the Diploma of MSUH Honorary Professor and attended the opening ceremony of Ukraine-Greece Friendship and Hellenistic Research Institute.
The school campus has a Church named Holy Redeemer Church, situated at a distance from the ground surrounded by statues. The church has a hall in its basement that is used for celebrations, counselling or literary society meetings.
Peck is a well-known American composer of music for the symphony.  His compositions have been included in thousands of performances by hundreds of orchestras in the United States, Canada, Europe, Asia, Latin America and Africa, including more than a dozen major orchestras such as the London Symphony, Montreal Symphony, and the Boston Symphony Orchestra, as well as regional orchestras throughout the U.S.  His most popular works include the percussion concerto, The Glory and the Grandeur, Signs of Life II for string orchestra, and The Thrill of the Orchestra, a narrated demonstration piece for orchestra.  In 2000-2001 a consortium of 39 American orchestras commissioned Peck's Timpani Concerto, Harmonic Rhythm.  The premiere performances began with the Louisville Orchestra and proceeded with orchestras throughout the country.
Western Chief made three more round-trip cargo runs to Europe. She was at sea on the first of these voyages bound for La Pallice, France, when the armistice with Germany ended World War I.
Although the film premiered in 2001 it was not seen in cinemas until 2004.
Collymore, Yvette (2002). "Migrant street children on the rise in Central America," ''Population Reference Bureau''
Le mariage du ciel et de l'enfer is the sixth album by Art Zoyd, released in 1985 through Cryonic Inc..
David Sean Fizdale (born June 16, 1974) is the head coach for the Memphis Grizzlies in the National Basketball Association (NBA). Fizdale was the assistant coach for the Atlanta Hawks, Golden State Warriors and Miami Heat.
The reviewer notes more critically that additional examples of mimicry might have been given, such as of Hymenoptera (bees and wasps) mimicked by Diptera (flies), and would have liked fuller treatment of Bates's "South American heliconids and pierids". The reviewer finds the closing chapters on "colors used in courtship" the most interesting of the book, since zoologists disagreed widely on the subject, and notes that Poulton sided with Darwin and against Wallace "who denies that the so-called secondary sexual characters" can "owe their origin to sexual selection". The reviewer, siding with Poulton, writes that "It would be difficult, we believe, to explain many of the facts cited by Poulton, notably Peckham's observations on the courtship of spiders, from Wallace's standpoint." The review ends with a brief discussion of Poulton's table classifying animal coloration, predicting (correctly) that the "Greek derivatives" such as pseudaposematic and pseudepisematic will not be generally adopted.
Ann Pilling (born 17 October 1944) is an English author and poet best known for young-adult fiction. She has also written horror fiction under the pen name Ann Cheetham.
Wilson B. (1993) ''Australian marine shells. Prosobranch gastropods. Vol. 1.'' Odyssey Publishing, Kallaroo, Western Australia, 408 pp
On 30 March Gentildonna raced outside Japan for the first time when she started the 11/8 favourite for the Dubai Sheema Classic but was beaten two and a quarter lengths by the Irish six-year-old St Nicholas Abbey. After the race, Yasunari Iwata admitted that St Nicholas Abbey had been the better horse on the night, but pointed out that the filly had been forced to race wide for much of the race. Gentildonna was off the course for almost three months before returning in the Takarazuka Kinen at Hanshin Racecourse. She started the 7/5 favourite, but finished third of the eleven runners behind Gold Ship and the five-year-old Danon Ballade.
Another member of the Photography Club, also from class 2-A. He is rather tall and therefore his specialty is the high-angle shot, and his nickname is "Boob-Glimpse Azuma".
Alike the nobility, setesveins enjoyed full tax freedom for their seat farms. They had freedom from leidang (military service); however, the Archbishop could order them into military service for the Archdiocese.
With the Cubs acquisition of Jason Heyward, Russell gave up his jersey number 22 and switched to number 27 in honor of Eddie George.
In April 2012, Gallimore traveled to Morocco with former United States women's national soccer team members Angela Hucles and Marian Dalmy on behalf of the United States State Department working for the Empowering Women and Girls through Sports Initiative. The group led soccer clinics and leadership training sessions for 104 young Moroccan female coaches as well as female coaches from Tunisia and Libya.
Long, John A. ''The Rise of Fishes: 500 Million Years of Evolution''. Baltimore: The Johns Hopkins University Press, 1996. ISBN 0-8018-5438-5
Forbes entered the Army in 1726, and served as Quartermaster-General in Ireland from 1754 to 1757. He was lieutenant-colonel in the Tangier Regiment in 1756, then colonel of the 76th Regiment of Foot the same year. He was promoted to major-general in 1759, transferred to the colonelcy of the 29th Regiment of Foot in 1761, and was promoted lieutenant-general in 1765. 
However, discovery of new  salt deposits in Canada, Michigan, and West Virginia, together with changed technique in Manufacturing of salt, crippled business for the Port of Oswego.
The band makes extensive use of live looping; most commonly by opening many songs by creating layered drum and percussion loops to serve as a drum track. They also loop instrumental portions and vocal phrases in some songs.
On the 2nd of January, 1881, a young woman, named Annie Leonard, nearly drowned in the pool; "...she was wading in the water barefooted, and fell into an excavation known as Bogey Hole..." She was then rescued, with difficulty, by a local man named James Dimond. 
He served as chairman of the Defense Advisory Committee on Professional and Technical Compensation in the Armed Forces. He also served as chairman of The Business Council from 1960 to 1961.
In the final version presented at the 2016 Geneva Motor Show some values were further optimized: The maximum torque is 1600 Nm. 0 to 100 km / h in 2.6 seconds, from 0 to 200 km / h in 6.2 seconds, and from 0 to 300 km / h in 14.2 seconds. Best quarter mile time recorded is 9.9 seconds.  The electronically limited top speed is now 355 km / h. The vehicle has carbon ceramic brakes. 
The episode was written by Kristin Cantrell, while being directed by Tommy Gormley.
Brachinus andalusiacus is a species of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that can be found in Spain and Morocco.
Sortain wrote A Lecture Introductory to the Study of Philosophy (1839) as a Cheshunt College tutor. He published Romanism and Anglo-Catholicism (1841); at this time he was preaching on Antichrist. The Eclectic Review noticed this work with one by Charles Pettit McIlvaine, as anti-Tractarian, though giving it little space, and regretting the "declamatory" style, while praising the content. His Life of Francis, Lord Bacon was published by the Religious Tract Society in 1851.
The Higg Index provides a tool for the apparel and footwear industry to assess sustainability throughout a product's entire life cycle, from materials to end-of-life. The metrics created Higg Index are limited to a company's internal use for the evaluation and improvement of environmental performance. Plans for a future version include the creation of a scoring scale designed to communicate a product's sustainability impact to consumers and other stakeholders.
Eldeen ruled the African Youth Qualification Championships in Algeria, 2010, scoring 591 points out of 600 and getting a quota for the first Summer Youth Olympics held in Singapore. He also ranked fourth in pre-Olympic shooting competition in Singapore that same year.
Jowett, J. H. ''The Redeemed Family of God, Studies in the Epistles of Peter.'' New York,: Hodder.
In interpreting the Constitution, the court would have to consider the area of comparative law. Section 35 of the Constitution was to be understood as requiring the court to give due attention to international experience, with a view to finding principles rather than rigid formulae, and to look for rationales rather than rules.
Source code for CodeCount is available as a downloadable zip file.
Alicedale is a small settlement in Sarah Baartman District Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa, situated on the banks of the Bushmans River.
Bronwen Cullinane, lately Domestic Services Manager, National Health Service.
The Independence Lakes are a chain of four alpine glacial lakes in Cassia County, Idaho, United States, located in the Albion Mountains in Sawtooth National Forest. The lakes are located in the basin north of Cache Peak and east of Mount Independence in the upper portion of the Green Creek watershed. The lakes have not been individually named, and trail 805 leads to the lakes. The closest trailhead is the Independence Lakes trailhead at the end of forest road 728.
The non-toxic assets of the bank have been put into newly created Vall Banc, which was sold to J.C. Flowers.
Raymond Wong Siu-keung. For public service, Hong Kong.
Identification of orthologous EVE insertions enables the calibration of long-term evolutionary timelines for viruses, based on the estimated time since divergence of the ortholog-containing host species groups. This approach has provided minimum ages ranging from 30-93 million years for the Parvoviridae, Filoviridae, Bornaviridae and Circoviridae families of viruses, and 12 million years for the Lentivirus genus of the Retroviridae family. EVEs also facilitate the use of molecular clock-based approaches to obtain calibrations of viral evolution in deep time.
The Supreme Court of California consists of the Chief Justice of California and six Associate Justices.
Double-Olympian Marcus Baur  recognized that goals were the basis of his motivation and preparation in the complex technical sport of sailboat racing.  He developed the Goalscape multi-level pie chart format to visualize and communicate the goal structure and to manage all the necessary action plans and training sessions.
Between the years 1961 - 1967 around 120,000 Jews left Morocco.
Chu Ping-wah, Senior Divisional Officer, Hong Kong Fire Services.
Squadron Leader Paul Royston Thomas, Royal Air Force.
The New England Granite Works was a firm incorporated in Hartford, Connecticut on June 16, 1871 by James G. Batterson. It was notable for creating a large number of works in the New England area until it was dissolved on June 26, 1926.
The Leinster Under-21 Football Championship is the Under 21 "knockout" competition in the game of Gaelic football played in the province of Leinster in Ireland. The series of games are organised by the Leinster Council.
An essential prerequisite of bullying is the perception, by the bully or by others, of an imbalance of social or physical power.
Cremohipparion was originally coined as a subgenus of Hipparion for a number of Eurasian species traditionally referred to Hipparion. Later, Bernor and Tobien (1989) elevated Cremohipparion to full generic status in their description of small hipparionin specimens from Samos, Greece.
Democrat Kathy Castor has represented the district since being elected in 2012. She previously represented the 11th district from 2007-2013, prior to the decennial redistricting. No candidates filed to challenge Castor for her seat, so she will return to office without standing for election in 2014.
All of 1,334 episodes originally made do not exist. A full list can be seen here
Lieutenant Colonel Clive William Larkin, The Royal Irish Rangers (27th (Inniskilling) 83rd and 87th).
Once More is the fourth studio album of Colonial Cousins, an Indian band formed by Indian duo composed of singer Hariharan and singer-composer Lesle Lewis. It was released on October 29, 2012 under the label Universal.
The ceremony was replayed in the media especially for its controversy concerning a joke, considered vulgar, by Jean-Luc Delarue.  At the moment he handed Yamina Benguigui her award, he asked the director: "Would you like for me to hold your globe?" adding afterwards "or your globes?" (her wearing a low-cut black dress that showed off part of her chest) along with a grimace. The public services host gave his apologies several days later
On 24 June 2011, The Moscow City Lefortovo Court issued a warrant for the arrest of Pavel Vrublevsky. The arrest took place at the suit of the FSB Investigations Directorate, with support from the RF FSB Information Security Center. Upon returning to Moscow from the Maldives with his family, Vrublevsky was arrested at Sheremetyevo airport. The FSB accused Vrublevsky of commissioning a DDoS attack on Assist, a competing payment processor. 
Dougall Alexander Love.
The Workers' Party selected Lee to contest the seat again at the by-election. Her PAP opponent was colorectal surgeon Koh Poh Koon (who had never contested a parliamentary election before). Desmond Lim of the SDA also contested the seat again at the by-election, along with a fourth candidate, Kenneth Jeyaretnam of the Reform Party.
In 2010 Aggarwal was named UK 2010 Pharmacy Business Entrepreneur of the Year. The award was presented by then Secretary of State for Health Andrew Lansley MP.
These are the overall party results of the elections to the various Municipalities of Sweden.
He was received the Manitoba Centennial Medal in 1970, was named to the Order of Canada in 1974 and became a member of the Manitoba Sports Hall of Fame in 1982.
Rhythmical movement of dancers were expressed under the concept of Buddhist painting, collage and mozaics to connect Korean arts further with Pop art and modernism. The works even extended to deal with Korean traditional ceremony of gut or exorcism.
During the Ottoman era (1516-1918), the Khawabi citadel became a center of the Nahiyah Havabi ("Sub-District of Khawabi.") It was originally part of the Sanjak of Tripoli, part of the larger Tripoli Eyalet. In 1563 Khawabi was separated to form the Sanjak of Jableh, along with several other subdistricts in the coastal mountain range. The Sha'ir family from Tripoli served as the governors of Khawabi in the 18th century after being driven out of Batroun.
In 1980 Mr. Lajtay's family relocated to Orange County, California. Mr. Lajtay graduated from Ocean View High School in Huntington Beach, California in June 1984. Upon completing Advanced Placement coursework, his High School Principal nominated him to receive a Presidential Academic Fitness Award, which he received from President Ronald Reagan in June 1984. During High School, Mr. Lajtay also completed his college level math classes while attending Golden West College in Huntington Beach, California.
Throughout his tenure as Principal and President at NSTC, Dr. Sexton was heavily involved in numerous organizations in the City of Halifax, including the Education Committee of the Halifax YMCA's Red Triangle Hut, the Maritime Board of the Canadian National Institute for the Blind, the Canadian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy; the Central Advisory Committee of the Carnegie Corporation; the Biological Board of Canada; the Canadian Education Association; the Rotary Club of Canada; the Commission on Highway Dust Prevention; the Halifax Conservatory of Music, and on the Board of Governors of the Nova Scotia Museum of Science from 1948-1952.
William Booth College at Champion Park, Denmark Hill in Central London is the headquarters of The Salvation Army leadership and officer training which delivers education and training programmes for the United Kingdom. Designed by Sir Giles Gilbert Scott, the college is a memorial to William Booth; it is Grade ll listed.
In 1226, she accompanied her husband as he set out on a punitive expedition to the Tangut kingdom. When he fell ill, Yesui administered the government to hide his condition.
Thark was Travers's third playscript for the company, and his first original plot, following two earlier adaptations from his novels. The play opened on 4 July 1927 and ran for 401 performances until 16 June 1928.
He was born in Kristiania, and represented the club IL i BUL. He competed in the 3000 metres team race at the 1924 Summer Olympics, along with teammates Haakon Jansen, Nils Andersen and Hans Gundhus.
The Guardian did not restrict Finlayson to the Manchester area, instead sending him on assignments to such places as Ireland, Spain, Cyprus, Borneo, Nigeria and Indonesia.
Jeff Longbine is a Republican member of the Kansas Senate, representing the 17th District since 2010.
Besides being a member of Second Sun, Antoine was playing in the clubs all over the world on his own under the name Mr. Becks. He worked with Cedric Gervais, Paul Harris, Paul Van Dyk and others. During the "SLetoAbecks" tour in Europe, Antoine changed his stage name to Antoine Becks, and kept using it. Presently, Antoine recorded the single "Life of the Wild", which was released 28 January 2013 on Beatport, and on iTunes 17 February 2013.
The Dee River is a river located in Central Queensland, Australia.
He married firstly Margaret Bourke, daughter of Theobald Bourke, 3rd Viscount Mayo, and secondly Mary, daughter of Nicholas Blake by whom he had two sons, Dominick and Sir Robert Lynch, 4th Baronet.
Dumbarton is a Canadian parish in Charlotte County, New Brunswick.
It is well-connected by bus to nearby towns Pudukottai and Ponnamaravathy. One can also directly board bus to Chennai from there.
In January 2012 the university became an official member of the European University Association (EUA).
Qualification: First 4 (Q) advanced to the final.
Anglesey had been won by either the Liberal Party or the Whigs at every election since 1784, until Thomas surpisingly gained it for Labour in 1918. He held onto it at the 1922 General Election, standing as an Independent.
Summer Hayes (2007) ''The My Little Pony G3 Collector's Inventory: an unofficial full color illustrated guide to the third generation of MLP including all ponies, playsets and accessories from 2003 to the present''. Priced Nostalgia Press. ISBN 978-0-9786063-5-0
The GIDS Shahpar is an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) built by Global industrial defence solutions of Pakistan and used by the Pakistani military. It is currently in production following the completion of a test and qualification phase.
British Antarctic Territory.  Scale 1:200000 topographic map.  DOS 610 Series, Sheet W 64 60.  Directorate of Overseas Surveys, Tolworth, UK, 1978.
Pashan Test Range is an out-door testing and evaluating facility of Armament Research and Development Establishment for armament stores.
Of all the Trotskyist groups that attempted a turn toward industry in the 1970s, the IS was the most successful. They became a force within opposition movements within several unions. These included the United Action Caucus within Local 1101 in the Communication Workers of America, the opposition to the leadership of the United Mine Workers which eventually led to the election of Arnold Miller as president, the opposition within the National Maritime Union, and in the International Longshore and Warehouse Union where they led a successful court fight against the expulsion of IS member Stanley Wier.
The membership is open for all governments and intergovernmental organizations (IGO).
Kovai Kora cotton is made from a blend of silk and cotton. A superior quality cotton yarn is mixed with traditional silk to produce kora cotton. The sarees have bright colored border designs with occasional use of shining zari. The required designs are weaved using the loom using combinations of colored cotton and silk threads and the borders are added later.
Elad photographs animal life, landscapes, and people in their natural habitats and he does it all with great splendor by using exceptional composition, natural light and precision.
In addition to original material, Ghost Stories included a substantial number of reprints, including well-known Victorian ghost stories such as "The Signalman" by Charles Dickens, and "The Open Door" by Mrs. Oliphant.  Agatha Christie's "The Last Seance" appeared in the November 1926 issue, under the title "The Woman Who Stole a Ghost", and six stories by H.G. Wells were reprinted, including ghost stories such as "The Red Room" and stories with less obvious appeal to Ghost Stories' readership, such as "Pollock and the Porroh Man".  Arthur Conan Doyle's "The Captain of the Polestar" appeared in the April 1931 issue, and he also contributed a non-fiction piece, "Houdini's Last Escape", which appeared in March 1930.
Health indicators are commonly used to guide public health policy.
Construction began on 15 April 1869, carried out by master mason Bernhardt from Nimptsch under the supervision of a foreman named Rademacher. Serpentine from a local quarry was used as construction material, as well as granite, sandstone and brickwork. Total cost of construction was 18,000 marks.
The 2012 season was the second year for the Women's League Soccer. 
He was born in Britain. Both his parents worked in radio. He graduated from Oxford University.
"High School" received mostly positive reviews from critics. Jeffries from AllMusic said that the song "restores faith with three-and-half minutes of driven, witty filth." He also noticed that "The Re-Up comes on with such an anti-Roman, back-to-basics attitude that it slowly slithers up to the Wayne track. Women in Hip Hop website gave a very positive review to the track saying that "aggressive voice and flow is a winning factor on this song, Lil Wayne did well and the catchy chorus helped round it out."
Sansevieria eilensis is rarely found in cultivation. The plant is extremely slow growing, and requires warm temperatures and bright light to grow, making commercial cultivation unviable. Limited cultivation of S. eilensis using micropropagation has been successfully employed by collectors and enthusiasts, but as of writing, S. eilensis is not available from any commercial sources.
The 2013 Asian Five Nations, known as the 2013 HSBC Asian 5 Nations due to the tournament's sponsorship by the HSBC, was the 6th series of the Asian Five Nations rugby union tournament. Japan was again crowned champion.  The UAE finished last and is relegated for the following season.
On January 24, 2012, her single "Live Your Life" debuted on iTunes. The track was produced by Grammy Award-winning producer Pharrell Williams.
William Wallace, Assistant Comptroller, Board of Trade.
Small was born in Palmerston North, New Zealand, to a dentist and former schoolteacher, and was the youngest of three children.
Its pilot episode aired on April 8, 2013 with veteran Filipina actress Susan Roces as its first guest.
The National Park Service restored the house between 1931 and 1934 using historic photos. 
The dreams of the new ownership group were quickly found to be pure fantasy when, despite enlisting the support of celebrities such as Francis Lalanne and M. Pokora as money-spinning crowd attractions the club failed to gain any more financial traction than it had had before the takeover, and once again the club was declared bankrupt, with the club's registration number being put on sale to any club who wished to purchase it and take Bleid-Gaume's place in the third division. After flirting with Promotion D club Wallonia Walhain, the registration number was instead purchased by bottom-tier club R. White Daring Molenbeek under the ownership of former Belgium international Michel De Wolf in an attempt at resurrecting the former glories of the one-time national champion club. Following the merger of the two clubs, the new club moved to Molenbeek. Though it officially kept the name FC Bleid-Gaume, it came to be referred to by the common name FC Bleid-Molenbeek in respect of the new Brussels location of the club. Despite the club's new start, however, on the pitch results once again took a turn for the worst, with the club finally succumbing to relegation back to the fourth-level Promotion league.
In May 2014 Uible was elected to be Party Chairman of the Clermont County Republican Party.
Phillips was born in Glen Cove, New York and graduated from Brookline High School in Massachusetts. He served in the United States Army from 1950 to 1952 at Fort Holabird, where he became a born-again Christian. In 1962 he helped found the New Testament Missionary Fellowship in Manhattan.
A 35mm copy of this film survives at the Library of Congress Packard Campus for Audio-Visual Conservation in Washington, D.C., and a 16mm copy survives at the University of Wisconsin at Madison.
On 14 August 2016 his official site announced his death.
Rahul Raj was signed in as the composer of the film. But after composing the main theme music and two songs, he left the project owing to time constraints and other commitments. Carnatic vocalist Dr. Sreevalsan Menon was hired to compose two additional songs. Rahul Raj was set to return to the project to compose the background score of the movie; but scheduling conflicts with his Telugu film Paathshala forced him to opt out completely. However the main theme music composed by Rahul Raj was retained and used as the opening titles theme.
George Robert Parsons (born 19 May 1911, date of death unknown) was a Canadian sailor who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
The series of attacks began during the morning early rush hour and encompassed more than 40 incidents in and around 20 cities, the majority of them being car bombings. Both Sunni and Shia areas were targeted in the attacks. Initially no group claimed responsibility for the wave of violence.
Schacontia themis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found on the Cayman Islands and in Brazil, Costa Rica, Cuba, the Dominican Republic, Florida, Jamaica, Mexico, Panama, Puerto Rico and Venezuela.
The Athletics Nauru (AN), also known as Nauru Athletics Association (NAA), is the governing body for the sport of athletics in Nauru.
By September 1943 two teams were entered for the leagues and that season the first XI got to the final of the Irish Junior Cup losing to Mossley. They were in the Middle League. New life and enthusiasm appeared in the club with talk of starting a ladies section and laying down two tennis courts in Royal Terrace, a fresh lease having been arranged over the grounds. Neither project came to fruition. In the same year the following names were given as umpires to the Leinster Branch, Frank Gray, John Gray, T. Barr and George Darcus, but such was the abundance of umpires at that time that only T. Barr was taken.
Desho declares her intention of getting an NRI bridegroom for her daughter Bani. Soham, who lives in Bani's village, is smitten with her, but he is rejected by Desho since he is not an NRI. Amreek and Parmeet are NRI bachelors. Rajji's marriage is arranged with Amreek and Bani's with Parmeet. On the day of the double wedding, there is a great deal of confusion. First, it seems that Parmeet, who works in Canada, will not turn up for the wedding. So Desho begs Soham to marry Bani and he joyfully agrees. But Parmeet does turn up at the last moment. Then, Amreek leaves in a huff because of a misunderstanding between him and Rajji. Now, because of a communication gap, the brides' relatives get the impression that Soham has agreed to marry Rajji. Thus, Bani gets married to Parmeet, as planned, while Soham unknowingly marries Rajji instead of his true love.
USMC is the United States Marine Corps.
Bandukwali is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1944.
The Finals are no longer held for any of the International Federation of Gymnastics disciplines. In 2008, the federation decided to stop running them since January 2009.
"A non-invasive XRF study supported by multivariate statistical analysis and reflectance FTIR to assess the composition of modern painting materials", Francesca Rossi, Aviva Burnstock, Klaas JanVan den Berg, Costanza Miliani, Brunetto Giovanni Brunetti and Antonio Sgamellotti, ''Spectrochimica Acta'' vol 71/5 2009, 1655-1662.
Catalina et al.  have also evaluated systemic and hepatic hemodynamic changes produced by MARS therapy. In 4 patients with acute decompensation of chronic liver disease, they observed after MARS  therapy, an attenuation of hyperdynamic circulation and a reduction in the portal pressure gradient was measured. Results are summarized in table 4.
On 5 August 1976, a group of 60 ZANLA guerrillas entered Rhodesia from Mozambique and attacked a military base at Ruda, near Umtali. Four days later, guerrillas killed four soldiers in a mortar attack, and another died in a follow-up operation. The local white population demanded that action be taken.
The peacock's plumage shows intersexual selection, where ornate males compete to be chosen by females. The result is a stunning feathered display, which is large and unwieldy enough to pose a significant survival disadvantage, demonstrating the handicap principle, and possibly provide a means of demonstrating body symmetry, such that peahens are "trying" to discover the health of the male or the fitness of his genes. Diseases, injuries, and genetic disorders may impair the body's symmetry and the tail.
In the 1200s Roydon was the most important of the local villages and held a weekly market, plus an Annual Fair on 1 August. This is the feast day of the dedication of the church to "St. Peter-ad-Vincula" (St. Peter in Chains), celebrating the day on which St. Peter was released by an angel from his chains in the prison in Ephesus. Roydon was an unusual parish, divided between the Hundreds of Waltham and Harlow (one of only five parishes nationally so divided), and being uncommonly large, with a total area of 3,031 acres.
The situation came to a head in July 1944 when a group of disgruntled officers stationed in the southern Colombian town of Pasto, near the Ecuadoran border, attempted to end Pumarejo's presidency. Pumarejo, who had gone to the area to observe army exercises, was briefly held hostage, as were several cabinet ministers who had accompanied him. After the military leadership in the capital refused to support the rebels, the leader of the failed coup - Pasto garrison commander Colonel Diogenes Gil - was arrested, and the president and his ministers were freed.
Public administration in Israel at the federal level is performed by 28 primary ministries. Ministries provide a range of services, including traditional public goods such as national defense, as well as functions unique to Israel, such as maintaining relations with the Jewish Diaspora. Historically, public expenditures have been concentrated in the defense, education, employment and healthcare sectors. Local governments share responsibility for secondary schools, local healthcare, waste management, road maintenance, parks and local emergency services.
Sam Mayes (born 20 May 1994) is an Australian rules footballer who currently plays with the Brisbane Lions in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Zilha parishad school up 7th standard. Ranjangaon Sandas has a secondary school: Shri. Santraj Maharaj Vidyalaya. this vidyalaya was established by Dr. Shantaram Vaman Randive.
Shah was born in the United States and was married to Vijay Shah, a citizen of Nepal. They met when she was a nursing student, and he was an engineering student studying at Cincinnati's Xavier University. After marriage they settled in Nepal where she learnt Nepali language. Vijaya Shah's family has been involved in the distillery business.
It is one out of four songs written by Stansfield for The Moment. For the very first time, the songs weren't produced by Devaney. The production was handled by Horn who worked with Seal, Tina Turner, Cher, Robbie Williams, Frankie Goes to Hollywood and many others successful singers and bands. The song received positive reviews from music critics who called it a fine mainstream track. On 29 November 2005 Stansfield received a Women's World Award in Leipzig, Germany and performed "He Touches Me" at the ceremony. Three days later, on 2 December 2005, Edel Records released "He Touches Me" on a CD single in Germany but the song failed to chart. The single featured radio and album versions of "He Touches Me" and two other tracks from The Moment, including "Takes a Woman to Know" (originally by No Angels). The latter track entered the Hungarian Airplay Chart in April 2005 and peaked at number thirty-three in May 2005.
In 1957,  Burgh married Ann Sturge. Together they had two daughters.
Scolinos was the pitching coach for the 1984 U.S. Olympic Baseball team.
The faculty covers geology, applied mathematics and experimental science at Bachelor level, geology with trend in petrology and sedimentology, and applied mathematics at Master level.
Sun-ok, also spelled Soon-ok, is a Korean feminine given name. Its meaning differs based on the hanja used to write each syllable of the name. There are 31 hanja with the reading "sun" and five hanja with the reading "ok" on the South Korean government's official list of hanja which may be registered for use in given names.
He started music in his local music school in Iceland and took part in productions in high school and college. He studied in Boston University on a soccer scholarship. While in college, he pursued acting while writing, recording, and performing his own music  at local venues.
''Mba handjere.'' I was mad. / I became mad. (but I'm not mad anymore) (earlier today)
Rooma (RXM) has a railway station on Delhi-Howrah main line but only passenger trains have halt here. There is a proposal to convert Rooma into terminal station as it is developing at very fast rate.Sarsaul Railway Station which has express/mail trains stoppage is 5 km from here and Kanpur Central Railway Station is 18 km from here.
When he notices Dwayne's "911" message, however, he places two large envelopes over Dwayne and Cassandra's heads, seals them with duct tape, and locks the storage unit. At the security gate, he is preparing to shoot the guard when Sheriff Vogel calls for Milton to come out of the vehicle. Milton drives towards Vogel instead, shooting as he goes. Vogel shoots and kills Milton, who crashes into a tree. Vogel rescues Dwayne and Cassandra. 
The building demonstrates the principal characteristics of a late Victorian commercial building and is important in exhibiting aesthetic characteristics valued by the community, in particular, the arcaded first floor and the buildings' contribution to the streetscape of Queen Street as one of a group of surviving 19th and 20th century buildings and facades.
Mtoro Rehani becomes mayor.
Nimbuzz entered the VoIP market in January 2007. In May 2008, the company launched its combined Voice-over-Internet Protocol (VoIP) and instant messaging client. In January 2009, the company was selected as one of 100 winners of the industry award "Red Herring Global 100" for 2008.
Daniel Selvaratnam Thiagarajah is a Sri Lankan Tamil bishop who is the current Bishop of Jaffna in the Church of South India.
David Steel, lately Communications Officer at Phnom Penh.
Helkiah  went on the Sir Henry Billingsley scholarship to St. John's College, Cambridge, graduating Bachelor of Arts in 1596; then went to the University of Leiden, where he graduated as Doctor of Medicine in only a few months. For some time he practiced privately in Suffolk; his first application to join the Royal College of Physicians was unsuccessful, but he was admitted in 1613 and became a fellow in 1620 and anatomy reader in 1629. Possibly  through the influence of  his brother Thomas, who had some acquaintance with King James I,  he was appointed doctor to the Royal Household.
Diego is the cousin of ten-time World Champion, Oscar De La Hoya.
Allan James Holden, General Secretary, Association of British Chemical Manufacturers.
Haydn Edward James, Principal Probation Officer, Hertfordshire.
In a 2011 Nature article, authors showed that it is necessary to develop and use a broad range of methods to be able to bridge the efficacy-effectiveness gap frequently observed in clinical practice. This gap stems from the differences between satisfactory efficacy data from clinical trials and the actual health outcomes observed in real life once the drug enters the market. In this context, the
McKegg competed with Team Canada at the 2010 IIHF World U18 Championships, leading the team with six assists and seven points in six games played.
Eileen Joan Kellerd, Personal Assistant to Commercial Secretary, Her Majesty's Embassy, Montevideo.
Grange, William. ''Cultural Chronicle of the Weimar Republic''. Scarecrow Press, 2008.
On 2 May 2016, the UEFA Executive Committee agreed that the competition would be part of the International Football Association Board's trial to allow a fourth substitute to be made during extra time. In the FIFA U-20 World Cup play-off, Michel Vlap of the Netherlands became the first ever fourth substitute, replacing Laros Duarte at half-time in extra time, followed later by Emmanuel Iyoha of Germany replacing Jannes Horn in the 110th minute.
The graphics for this opening were by Pacific Title, as were those for the openings in the subsequent seasons.
''Ficus subpisocarpa'' is the second ''Ficus'' species observed with ants inhabiting branch cavities, the first observation was done in Borneo on ''Ficus obscura'' var. ''borneensis''.
With Cam in school, Mitch and Jay golfing and Gloria out, Claire (Julie Bowen) stays home to watch over Lily (Aubrey Anderson-Emmons) and little Joe. When she slips on one of the golf balls Phil left on the floor, she wants to teach him that leaving things around is not a good thing. Busy trying to make a plan for this, Haley (Sarah Hyland) and Dylan (Reid Ewing) end up being the ones watching the two kids.
Lady Elizabeth Georgiana Alice Cavendish.
Dyal, Donald H; Carpenter, Brian B.; and Thomas, Mark A. ''Historical Dictionary of the Spanish American War''. Westport, Conn.: Greenwood Press, 1996.
"Unconditional" a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Ne-Yo for his fifth studio album R.E.D. (2012). It was written by Ne-Yo, Allen Arthur, Clayton Reilly and Keith Justice; the latter three also produced the song under their production moniker, PhatBoiz. 
During 1947-48, she worked on the evacuation and rehabilitation of thousands of women kidnapped during the melee that followed Partition. Here she was assisted by Lajjawati Hooja, a member of the Congress and the All-India Women's Congress and Salam made several trips to Pakistan to help with the evacuation of refugees.
Bryant fired at James Balasko, an American citizen, hitting a nearby car. Balasko had been attempting to film the shooter. Many people, unable to use their parked cars, were hiding or running along Jetty Road and did not know where Bryant was because the gunfire was extremely loud and difficult to pinpoint. It was not clear that Bryant was mobile, nor was it even clear from which direction the shots were coming.
As of May 2013, Hailo has enabled more than 3 million rides for passengers from over 30,000 registered taxi drivers.
She carried one 12-pounder 12 cwt naval gun, five 6-pounder 8 cwt naval guns and two 18-inch (450 mm) torpedo tubes.
Robert Montgomery, Sergeant Instructor, Ulster Special Constabulary. (Casdedierg, Co. Tyrone).
The younger brother of Carla. He possesses a high pride due to being a founder, he looks down upon vampires of other bloodlines. Beautiful blood is his preference and often utters narcissistic remarks. Ordinarily his words are polite, but when he loses his temper his speech will become violent and often contain hurtful or insensitive words. Alongside his older brother Carla, Shin is one of the last two remaining members of the founders' bloodline. He has the ability to transform into a wolf, snake, bat and an eagle. However, he prefers using his wolf form. He has high strength, speed, and regenerative abilities. He is able to wield a sword as well.
The Flip Is Another Honey is a studio album by Mike Doughty composed of covers of songs by John Denver, Cheap Trick, Stephen Sondheim, Thin Lizzy, Camille, and others intermingled with his own original music.
Arthur Lancelot Craig-Bennett, British Council Representative, Libya.
''Last updated on 1 June 2014.''
The Weekly's War is a 1983 mini series about Dorothy Drain, a writer on The Australian Women's Weekly. She works under Les Haylen, Esme Feinstein and Frank Packer.
Eric (Sam Rockwell) and Amy Bowen (Rosemarie DeWitt) are a married couple looking to buy a house for themselves and their three children: 16-year-old eldest daughter, Kendra (Saxon Sharbino), their 9-year-old son, Griffin (Kyle Catlett), and 6-year-old youngest daughter, Madison (Kennedi Clements). Eric was recently laid off, but they are shown a house that has recently come on the market that fits their price range, so they purchase it and move in.
After retiring from broadcasting, Mr. Wilson founded several banks in North Georgia, many of which have since failed.
2006. Global Governance or World Federalism? A Cosmopolitan Dispute on Institutional Models, Global Society. Journal of Interdisciplinary International Relations, 20, 3: 287-305.
There have been a number of interlocking fraternal orders known as the beavers. The Fraternal Order of Beavers was created in 1911. The relationships between these and the Beavers Reserve Fund Fraternity, Beavers National Mutual Benefit and the National Mutual Benefit is complex. The North American Order of the Beaver was founded in 1990.
In 1994 she moved to Treviso, Italy (near Venice) where she got herself her first studio, a 3,5 x 3,5 m room in an abandoned factory where specially in year 1996 she produced a huge amount of very big size paintings. 
At various stages of Trinidad's post independent history, members with the government of the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago have spoken of constructing a physical link between the islands of Trinidad and Tobago to physically unify the country.  As public discussion and commentary ensued over feasibility and cost, an alternative proposal was made of constructing a shorter connection which would connect Trinidad and Venezuela.
He was Vice Chairman of the New York State Commission for the Panama-Pacific International Exposition in 1915.
Howson is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
The following players have been selected by their country in the European Championship Finals, while playing for Swansea.
Aphelenchoididea is a nematode super family in the order Aphelenchida.
The company headquarters are the Villa Rumpf in Potsdam.
Dombyra Parties are usually held on weekdays in crowded alleys or at parks. They have occurred in Astana, Almaty, Shymkent and Atyrau and others. At the weekly events, attendants mainly play dombyra and sing dombyra-accompanied songs. One of the features of dombyra parties is to prove that anyone can learn to play the instrument without studying at music schools.
This article displays the rosters for the participating teams at the 2009 FIBA Africa Under-16 Championship for Women.
The institutional form of Armenian Hetanism, the "Order of the Children of Ari" (Arordineri Ukht in Armenian speech) was established in 1991 by the armenologist Slak (formerly Edik) Kakosyan. He belonged to a generation of Armenian dissidents of the 1970s, at the time of Soviet Armenia; in 1979 he was expelled for promoting nationalist ideas, and fled to the United States.
In August 2012, claims surfaced of loyalist remnants attempting to smuggle weapons into Libya in an effort to destabilise the government. A member of the group in Tripoli's Abu Salim neighbourhood, a former pro-Gaddafi stronghold, claimed in an August 2012 interview that loyalist militia were rebuilding their strength and waiting for the right moment to move against the new government. Saadi Gaddafi was claimed to support the group whilst under house arrest in Niger. He warned in early 2012 that he was in contact with sleeper cells who were organising underground resistance. In addition to his son Saadi, Muammar Gaddafi's nephew Ahmad Gaddaf al-Damm, living in hiding in Egypt, was also accused of supporting violent pro-Gaddafi activity. Col. Khamid Bilhayr of the Libyan National Army claimed that other loyalist figures outside the country were sending large quantities of money and support to loyalist groups inside Libya.
Nowlin Essay, "Art Meets Science! Get Over It . . .",  STEAM Journal
'''Carlos''' Appears in the episode "Doki's Canal Race." Carlos is voiced by Ian MacPherson
Geoffrey Webb J.P MBE 1979-80
The 2013 Svijany Open was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the 1st edition of the tournament which was part of the 2013 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Liberec, Czech Republic between 29 July and 4 August 2013.
In October 2016, Sandeul debuted as a solo artist with extended play ''Stay As You Are''.
Vermont had been one of only two states (along with Maine) to reject Democrat Franklin D. Roosevelt in all four of his presidential campaigns, even in the nationwide Democratic landslides of 1932 and 1936.
Keehn AY, Mufarrij PW, '''Stifelman MD'''. Robotic Ureterolysis for Relief of Ureteral Obstruction from Retroperitoneal Fibrosis. Urology. Jun;77(6):1370-4, 2011
Cymbeline (released as Anarchy in the UK) is a 2014 American film version of the Shakespeare tragedy based on the play Cymbeline by William Shakespeare. The film is directed by Michael Almereyda and stars Ethan Hawke, Ed Harris, Dakota Johnson, Milla Jovovich and John Leguizamo.
It was formed on a regional basis several months before the establishment of two national women's suffrage organizations, the National Woman Suffrage Association and the American Woman Suffrage Association.  The NEWSA played a key role in the formation of the latter and had overlapping leadership with it.
If they rebel, 'tis because I oppress not.
Following Lenin's instructions, a show trial of SRs was held in Moscow in 1922, which led to protests by, among others, Eugene Debs, Karl Kautsky, and Albert Einstein.  Most of the defendants were found guilty, but did not plead guilty, unlike the defendants in the later show trials in the Soviet Union in the late 1920s and the 1930s.
Selber was a member of the National Retail Merchants and the Specialty Retail Stores associations. Aaron Selber, with his wife Peggy, was a large donor to many nonprofit organizations in both Shreveport and New Orleans. They established the Aaron or Peggy Selber Foundation in Shreveport and the Aaron and Peggy Selber Family Donor Advised Fund within the New Orleans Community Foundation. Selber was a former chairman of the board of the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association of Louisiana. He was a director of Commercial National Bank at 333 Texas Avenue in Shreveport and a president of the Shreveport Jaycees and later the Chamber of Commerce. He was president of his alma mater, Southfield School, Goodwill Industries, and the Holiday in Dixie spring festival. He was a board member of Louisiana State University Health Sciences Center Shreveport, the Norwela Council of Boy Scouts of America, the American Red Cross, the Louisiana State Fair, YMCA, United Way, and the college football post-Christmas Independence Bowl,The Selbers were members of the B'nai Zion Congregation.
Each individual award is given only to one recipient. There is not a Pitcher of the Year in the Lewis Conference and the Clark Conference, for instance. The best in each conference never get a chance to face each other in the regular season, so they must put up statistics that speak for themselves. The only flaw in this model is the assumption that the talent in both conferences is nearly identical.
''Why Classical Music Still Matters'' (University of California Press, 2007). 
2011   Memorial Exhibition, Agripas 12 Gallery, Jerusalem, Israel.
The secular Germans of the Forty-Eighter immigration were largely anti-slavery. Prominent Forty-Eighters included Carl Schurz and Friedrich Hecker. German Lutherans seldom took a position on slavery, but German Methodists were anti-slavery.
Instituted by Sultan Ismail II to commemorate his Silver Jubilee on 30 March 2005.
Works done in the hikime kagibana style show faces with essentially identical features.: slit eyes and hook nose. The Hikime Kagibana  style also does not allow a full front view of a face. There are only two main viewpoints used to depict faces: an oblique angle of 30 degrees from the front and a right angle giving a profile. When faces are shown from a right angle, the eyebrows and corners of the eyes are visible but the nose is not -- something that is not possible in actuality.
New Angelarium. Moscow Museum of Modern Art. Russia
For example, Texas Instruments markets health monitoring AFEs as the ADS1298, AFE4400 and AFE4490.
With the appointment of the new PBNJ chairman, Tunku Mahkota of Johor (Crown Prince) Tunku Ismail Idris, Azmi Mohamed was put back as Johor FA head coach whilst Fandi Ahmad was left in-charge for the Johor club.
This is a list of hills in Cornwall based on data compiled in various sources, but particularly the Database of British and Irish Hills, Jackson's More Relative Hills of Britain and the Ordnance Survey 1:25,000 Explorer and 1:50,000 Landranger map series.
La Plebe (The Worker) was an Italian newspaper that was published in Lodi from 1868-1875, then in Milan from 1875-1883.
Lenjani first announced his desire to represent Albania internationally in January 2013, when he began the procedure to gain Albanian citizenship through his Albanian ethnicity. He was called up by Gianni De Biasi for a friendly against Armenia in August 2013 but did not feature in the game. Lenjani received his Albanian citizenship on 8 October 2013 among Faton Ademi to be eligible to play for Albania even in the competitive matches.
22957086 Sergeant St. John Kenneth Powell, 14th/20th King's Hussars, Royal Armoured Corps.
In September, Rousillon and Cataldi were sent to France to contest the Prix du Moulin over 1600 metres at Longchamp. The field included the leading French-trained milers Procida, Vin de France (winner of the Prix Jacques le Marois), No Pass No Sale (Poule d'Essai des Poulains) and Silvermine (Poule d'Essai des Poulains). Cataldi led until the straight before being overtaken by Vin de France and Heraldiste. Rousillon moved up on the outside, took the lead 200 metres from the finish and won decisively by one and a half lengths from the filly Kozana. Rousillon' last race was the Breeders' Cup Mile at Aqueduct Racetrack where he started the 3/1 favourite. Timeform described the race as a disaster for Rousillon: he walked out of the starting stalls and had to be hard ridden by Starkey to make up the lost ground. After moving into contention he was badly hampered when Palace Music veered to the right and eventually finished ninth behind Cozzene.
''"Ordered, that Edward lord Windsor shall have, at his pleasure, his chamber called "the Parliament Chamber," notwithstanding the admission of Mr. Jerome Corbet, who will move therefrom whenever the said lord or Frederick, his eldest son, shall wish to reside there; but they must pay Corbet for his expenses in the said chamber."''
Nitrosomonas oligotropha is a ammonia-oxidizing, aerobe, gram-negative bacterium from the genus of Nitrosomonas which occurs in chloraminated drinking water systems.
The Products of Animal Origin (Third Country Imports) (Scotland) Amendment Regulations 2010 (S.S.I. 2010 No. 225)
In July 2013, she was a guest speaker at the ESSENCE Festival Empowerment Experience Panel  in New Orleans, Louisiana.
C. M. Sinclair-Winters, Journal of Molluscan Studies, 2014. Upstream or downstream? Population structure of the land snail Ventridens ligera (Say, 1821) in the Potomac River drainage basin. 80 (), 280 - 285
Rheoliadau Gofal Iechyd Annibynnol (Ffioedd) (Cymru) 2011 (WSI 2011 No. 106 (Cy. 25))
Albert Pieconka, the pianist-teacher-composer who died recently in his eighty fifth year, bore a remarkable facial resemblace to Beethoven.  He studied at the University of Konigsberg and also at Leipzig Conservatory, after which he made a series of concert tours in German.  His success in London won him the friendship of such men as Liszt and Rubinstein.  In America he was more particularly engaged in teaching and composing.  His best known work is his Tarantella.
Kellan Lain (born August 11, 1989) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward, currently playing for the Idaho Steelheads of the ECHL.
Yalvigi is a city in Karnataka, India.
7) Nonetheless, organizations or groups of organizations that participate in the Forum's meetings must be assured the right, during such meetings, to deliberate on declarations or actions they may decide on, whether singly or in coordination with other participants. The World Social Forum undertakes to circulate such decisions widely by the means at its disposal, without directing, hierarchizing, censuring or restricting them, but as deliberations of the organizations or groups of organizations that made the decisions.
Usharani was born as eldest among three children at Chennai to Tamilian Father Mothi and a Malayali mother Sudeshini. She hails from  Varkkala, Kerala. Her father was a Saurashtra Oriental Arts cloth merchant. She has two younger sisters, Sangeetha Raman and Renjini. She studied at Church Park Presentation Convent, Chennai. Her parents divorced when she was very young. Her mother died when Usha was 19. She started movie career as a child artist.
This is the first edition of the event.
Lorde (born 1996) is a New Zealand singer-songwriter.
Claud M. Davis (born August 23, 1924) an American engineer, inventor, and former employee of IBM Corporation at Poughkeepsie, New York, is known for his contributions to the development of the IBM System/360 and the development of air traffic control systems.
In 2012, Appsfire bought the app Appstatics, which helps developers track the ranks of their app in the iOS App Store and Mac App Store.
Hadley's grammar was aimed at the current British needs in Bengal, to get Indians to work for them, without the mediation of a munshi. Its content, as a phrase book, reflected the economy and social climate of the time, and ignored the Urdu language. Hadley correctly identified Hindustani as a language in its own right, rather than a dialect of Persian. His theory of a Tartar origin was rejected, and his work came in for criticism from John Borthwick Gilchrist, who objected to the version of Hindustani it reported.
By 2002 she had moved back to Perth to further her career in music and performed lead vocals in a music group, The Fuzz, alongside her brother, KT Rumble (aka Douglas May), on lead guitar. The Fuzz had been formed by Douglas with Jiah Fishenden on guitar, Shayne Macri on bass guitar and Ben Mountford on drums. One of their early tracks, "The Bomb", which was co-written by May with her band mates, won the Western Australian final of national radio station, Triple J's Unearthed competition in October 2002.
He was admitted to hospital in late February 2015, after suffering an aneurysm. He died on March 16, 2015 at the age of 58, leaving his seat in the legislature vacant.
In 1487,  like the great majority of the Anglo-Irish nobility,  he made the mistake of supporting the claims of the  pretender Lambert Simnel to the English throne. Simnel was crowned in Dublin and invaded England  with a largely Irish army, but his cause was crushed at the Battle of Stoke.
Each team received four points for a win and two points for a draw. Bonus points were awarded to teams that scored 4 or more tries in a game, as well as to teams that lost a match by 7 points or less. Teams were ranked by points, then points difference (points scored less points conceded).
The village of Manikkadavu is located 60 km from the district headquarters of Kannur. Distance to Manikkadavu from neighboring places in km: Iritty16, Ulickal (village panchayat headquarters) -8, Taliparamba (taluk headquarters) - 45. From Kannur we can reach Manikkadavu via Iritty- Ulikal- Vattiamthode- or Iritty- Ulickal- Nuchiad - Manikkadavu and from Taliparamba via Payyavur- Nuchiad- Manippara.
This proved to be the case, and Milne was elected with a reduced majority of 16,072 over the other two candidates. He would serve as MP for Blyth until 1974.
Williams died at Te Aute on 11 October 1909.
In 2007, former headteacher Alan Klee was found guilty of bullying staff and misconduct while at Carterton Community College. Mr Klee resigned from Carterton Community College in 2003.
Murphy was born in or near the fishing village of Canso, Guysborough County, Nova Scotia, Canada on September 28, 1838.  His father, Miles Murphy, a laborer, was born in Wexford, Ireland about 1798.  His mother, Catherine Henderson (surname changed from Hanrahan), came from Cape George, Antigonish, Nova Scotia. She was born about 1805.  Murphy was the third of six children. He came south with his parents and siblings to the fishing port of Gloucester, Essex County, Massachusetts in the early 1850s.
Heliades is a genus of moths of the Pyralidae family.
Because he was Jewish, he escaped the Nazis before World War II and served with the British Army. He was married to Henrietta Leyser, and his daughter is the scientist Ottoline Leyser.
California Winter is an American drama film 2012.
The Women's Doubles Tournament at the 2007 Internazionali Femminili di Palermo took place between 16 and 22 July on outdoor clay courts in Palermo, Italy. Mariya Koryttseva and Darya Kustova won the title, defeating Alice Canepa and Karin Knapp in the final.
Hoffman died on June 10, 2012 at Carilion Roanoke Memorial Hospital in Roanoke, Virginia following heart surgery. He was 84. His contributions to science and education were formally recognized by the Virginia General Assembly in 2013.
Parking in Mexico City is a mix of street parking controlled by franeleros or parking space holders, but in some areas meters have been introduced. According to a survey by IBM, Mexico City had North America's worst parking and tied for 10th worst in the world, to IBM's survey, with 73 per cent of drivers in Mexico City having had to abandon their search for parking at some point during the previous 12 months.
Although, Gunma is very short-tempered, and rarely can be as clumsy as Tamago is.  Gunma also hates to be humiliated by some B-ders, for being in an infamous unknown team like Team Guts, and for being weak without power.  Gunma's only weak point is that he's scared of ghosts.
Irmgard Bartenieff (born February 24, 1900 in Berlin, Germany, d. August 27, 1981 in New York City) completed her university studies in Art and Biology and later, studies with Rudolf Laban in Berlin in 1925.
To avoid confusion and double counting, information in this table is updated only once a tournament or the player's participation in the tournament has concluded. This table is current through 2016 All England Super Series Premier.
Laws related to hunting vary between each state/territory. Except where otherwise stated, most states and territories allow the hunting of pest species - feral dogs, feral goats, feral pigs, foxes, hares, and rabbits - at any time of year with the landowner's permission. Every state and territory requires those carrying firearms to be licensed to do so.
Students who participate in this competition possess superb software/algorithmic programming skill.  USACO USA Computing Olympiad is part of the International Olympiad in Informatics program, which is very well-known and highly regarded at an international level.
Fossils of Ceratitidae are found in the Triassic marine strata throughout the world, including Afghanistan, Austria, Bulgaria, Cambodia, Canada, China, Croatia, France, Germany, Hungary, India, Iran, Israel, Italy, Japan, Laos, Malaysia, Mexico, Pakistan, Papua New Guinea, Poland, Russia, Serbia and Montenegro, Switzerland, Thailand, Turkey, United States and Vietnam.
Thirty is Callea's first studio album signed with ABC Music. The album contains a collection of inspirational songs that embrace the artists and music that had influenced him over the years, as well as some original tracks. Thirty includes ten covers along with two originals, "My All" and "I'll Be the One".
"Bacchylidis Cei Fragmenta", 1822. 
Oyenike Laoye-Oturu, professionally known as Nikki Laoye, is a Nigerian recording artist, singer, songwriter and dancer, renowned for her eclectic musical expressions and captivating stage performances. As a recording artist, Laoye's music has earned her several awards including The Headies Award in 2013 for Best Female Vocal Performance and the All African Music Awards (AFRIMA) in 2014 for Best Female Artiste in African Inspirational Music.
Warm Mineral Springs Facilities and Cyclorama, (195?)
On August 4, 2014, the team announced that the stadium location would be moved one block west, to avoid having a delay to the opening day, due to Faith Deliverance Temple fighting the city's eminent-domain claim. The new location resulted in the closure of Parramore Avenue between Church Street and Central Boulevard in February 2015, as the stadium will be built right on top of where the road currently runs.
The Ducks escape by distracting the Atlantans with rock and roll music from a jukebox, and promising the water dwellers that they will not disclose the location of their ocean home.
Roy had the distinction of being the only legislator in both houses to serve continuously for 25 years. He never lost an election and was the only member of Congress who was chosen as one of the ten best congressmen each year from 1948 to 1961 by civic organizations, members of the press and national periodicals. An experienced speaker and debater who had a knack for explaining the intricacies of economics, banking and finance in terms understandable to the masses, he was quite popular with the Filipino people. In his time, Roy was a frequent delegate to international conferences. He represented the country as a delegate to the United Nations in 1950, 1952, 1968 and 1969. ln 1952, he was a delegate to the International Monetary Fund and World Bank Conference in Mexico City, and to Washington DC in 1954 and 1956. He also went to the United States as a delegate of the Philippine Economic Mission for the revision of the Phil-US Trade Act in Washington DC in 1954 and was an official guest of the British Government for a goodwill tour of the United Kingdom in 1958.
When she scribbled her first script on the back of a notebook in school, it was simply an approximation of what she thought a play should look like. Yet, she says, the form came naturally. 
The two surfaces of the roof show four reliefs with scenes from the romanticised life of Charlemagne. A crest of gilded copper, with five towers, decorates the ridge and gable of the roof.
Dickson Huru (born 10 September 1990) is a Ugandan long-distance runner who competes in cross country running competitions. He has represented his country in the discipline four times at the IAAF World Cross Country Championships, sharing the team bronze medal in 2011.
Raghuram began learning Kathakali, aged five from prominent dance expert Gopinath, and then in 1956, he switched to learning Bharata Natyam under danseuse K. J. Sarasa. He learnt dance along with J. Jayalalitha, with the pair both having their arangetram (debut) in 1960. It was during a duet performance with Jayalalithaa that Raghuram was asked to assist dance director A. K. Chopra for an M. G. Ramachandran (MGR) movie. He then started out on his own in 1974 and went on to choreograph Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam and Hindi movies. He has worked on several films with Kamal Haasan, early on in his career, choreographing celebrated work in Sagara Sangamam (1983) about a classical dancer, and in the romantic Hindi film Ek Duuje Ke Liye (1981).
After high school, Dyckman trained as a visiting caseworker with Boston Associated Charities in Boston, Massachusetts from 1909 to 1911. She then trained as a social worker at the New York School of Social Work (now Columbia University's School of Social Work) in Manhattan. During her studies, Dyckman worked as a visiting caseworker in Orange, New Jersey and the New York City borough of Brooklyn.
L. celtica is a suspension feeder, catching detritus and plankton with the tube feet on its pinnules.
On 5 December 2013, TVP confirmed that Poland would be returning to the Eurovision Song Contest for the 2014 edition after a two-year absence. Their return to the contest was motivated by a reduction in participation fees by the European Broadcasting Union. TVP withdrew from the Eurovision Song Contest in 2012 stating that the broadcaster would be focusing on the 2012 UEFA European Football Championship (which Poland co-hosted with Ukraine) and the 2012 Summer Olympics. For the 2013 Contest, the TVP board of directors decided against returning to the contest with reasons such as the contest lacking focus on music and the presence of voting among neighbouring countries behind the decision.
A museum which features audio and visual displays is located off White Flat Road, northwest of Poonindie. Grounds include a playground, tennis court, coin-operated barbecues and a picnic area. Grounds are open 7 days.  The museum is open Monday to Friday, from 9am to 4pm.
Kanye West (Jay Pharoah) and Kim Kardashian (Nasim Pedrad) host a morning talk show with a typical daytime-talk-show format. Despite Kanye feeding Kim each of her lines to say in extremely obvious ways, she messes up most of them anyway. Kanye appears to be oblivious to Kim's ditziness, seeing her as both beautiful and brilliant. The other Kardashian sisters make giggling nasal-voiced appearances.
The story was filmed in movies of the same name in 1923 and 1936.
The EP features archive music chosen to complement the track 'Dye The Water Green', taken from the album Silver Wilkinson, including 'Dinghy' - a song recorded in 2006 by Bibio and Richard Roberts of Letherette.
In the course of the European migrant crisis, Sebastian Kurz called for a more effective control of the EU external borders  and presented a 50-Point-Plan towards integration with special focus on the areas language and education, labour and job market, rule of law and values.
The tomb of Cardinal Cristoforo della Rovere, the Bishop of Tarentaise (died in 1477) is one of the best 15th century sculpted funeral monuments in Rome. It is the work of Andrea Bregno but the relief of the Virgin and the Child in the lunette is attributed to Mino da Fiesole. According to the inscription the tomb was prepared by Domenico della Rovere for his brother and himself (c. 1479). The funeral monument of Jorge da Costa in the Costa Chapel shows a strong similarity to this tomb.
With their fifth straight loss, the Panthers headed into their bye week at 3-7-1.  Also the team dropped to 11-25-1 when Newton commits a turnover.
In his current position at the School of International Service at American University, Bosco teaches courses on world politics, international organization, and international law. He has also designed and taught courses on the International Criminal Court and the United Nations at American University's Washington College of Law.
Major-General John Cecil Russell, Extra Equerry to His Majesty.
Diseae is an orchid tribe in the subfamily Orchidoideae. It was recognized in Genera Orchidacearum volume 2, which was published in 2001. It consisted of 12 genera in five subtribes. In molecular phylogenetic studies that were published after 1999, it was shown that Diseae is paraphyletic over the tribe Orchideae. In a classification of orchids that was published in 2015, Diseae was not recognized, but was instead placed in synonymy under Orchideae.
The identified modal properties only reflect the properties at the ambient vibration level, which is usually lower than the serviceability level or other design cases of interest. This is especially relevant for the damping ratio which is commonly perceived to be amplitude-dependent.
"Bayizizwe" ''(Philangezwi Bongani Nkwanyana)'', arr. Mandla Zikalala
At the official test day for the 24 Hours of Le Mans on 1 June, the Toyotas were fastest, placing first and second on the overall time sheets.
This Hospital is also known as the Edinburgh Cistercian Convent.
Vrishasen Dabholkar first acted at the age of five when he played the role of Bal Shivaji in the famous Marathi play Janata Raja.
Graptopsaltria is a genus of cicadas from East Asia.
2014 Frank Pratt and T.J. Shope defeated Wayne Bachmann and Darla Dawald in the Republican primary. Pratt and Shope defeated Carmen Casillas in the general election, with Pratt receiving 19,458 votes.
Electrum was another work that Orr produced in the '90s. Electrum is a large scale Tesla coil installed at Alan Gibbs' installation collection, Gibbs Farm in New Zealand.
He was an elected fellow of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters, the Norwegian Academy of Technological Sciences, the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences and the National Academy of Engineering.
Richard Moore (born 1 December 1991) is a racing driver from New Zealand, who competes in the New Zealand V8SuperTourer Series for M3 Racing, he is the team mate of four-time Bathurst 1000 winner Greg Murphy.
(2000) ''Para que baile en Cuba.''
On 19 August 2009, police arrested 19 protesters during a demonstration by UAF against the BNP's Red, White and Blue Festival in Codnor, Derbyshire. Four people were charged, three with public order offences and one with unlawfully obstructing the highway.
National certification for NNPs began in 1983 by the NAACOG Certification Corporation, now the National Certification Corporation (NCC) for Obstetrics, Gynecologic and Neonatal Nursing Specialties (NCC). NANN was established in 1984, providing support to foster the neonatal advanced practice nursing movement.
It was revealed through CRTC regulatory documents that the broadcast licence used to launch FXX was the licence originally granted for a proposed channel called ''Ampersand''. That licence requires the channel's programming to be related to "romance, love and relationships".
Development for Batman started in 2011 at Specular Interactive and they worked with Warner Brothers to build all of the Batmobiles and the Gotham City environment. According to Steve Ranck, the Specular Interactive team spent a lot of time building Gotham City, which in this game "is nearly 10 square miles of various suburbs, unique neighborhoods, elevation changes, tunnels, bridges, hills, dirt roads, jumps, secret paths, etc.
Criminal is a 2005 Bengali film directed by Shankar Ray and produced by Debendra Kuchar. The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee, Rachana Banerjee, Swastika Mukherjee, Ranjit Mallick, Rajesh Sharma in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Anupam Dutta.
Tram Lines 6,7, and 8 service Darmstadt-Arheilgen. The central nodal point of the Darmstadt tramway network is the Luisenplatz in the city center of Darmstadt.
Canadian Expeditionary Force 1914-1919 by Col. G.W.L. Nicholson, CD, Queen's Printer, Ottawa, Ontario, 1962
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. It is located in the Downtown Salem Historic District.  Today the property is owned by Roanoke College.
Born William Elliot Norton in Boston to William L. Norton and Mary (Fitzgerald) Norton, he attended Harvard College (Class of 1926) after graduating from the Boston Latin School. At Harvard College, he took George Pierce Baker's class for dramatists. Baker's most famous student was Eugene O'Neill, whose plays were revolutionizing Broadway theater at the time Norton became a drama critic.
The town opened on December 29, 2013 and was expected to be completed in 2014. As of May 2015 construction continues. It is a joint venture between Feng Xiaogang and Huayi Brothers Media Group.
Note: Amanda Bearse does not appear in this episode.
Sons of Kemet won 'Best Jazz Act' at the 2013 MOBO Awards.
The Nera di Arbus, more fully Pecora Nera di Arbus ("black sheep of Arbus"), is a breed of small domestic sheep indigenous to the Mediterranean island of Sardinia, Italy. It takes its name from the comune of Arbus, in the province of Medio Campidano, in the south-western part of the island. It is raised in the provinces of Cagliari, Nuoro, Oristano and Sassari. The breed achieved official recognition in 2008.
Date and the award ceremony shows that the 2010 is the period from 2010-2020 (10 years-decade), while the year above winners and nominees shows their fashion achievements year, and the figure in bracket shows the ceremony number, for example; an award ceremony is held for their achievements of its previous year.
Tucker, wounded, is able to reveal Church to Felix who becomes confused. Tucker reminds Felix that as an A.I., Church can help him run his equipment, more specifically his helmet cam. At this point it's revealed that Tucker had been recording Felix this whole time. In response, the Reds, Caboose, Doctor Grey and Carolina recover and disable the radio jammer. Church sends the recorded video to Armonia, where Kimball, Doyle, the FAC and the New Republic watch the video of Felix's monologue exposing the mercenaries' involvement in the Chorus Civil War. 
In 1897, Veiller married Amy Hall; they had no children.
VA-1L became one of the first squadrons to receive the XBT2D-1, the initial prototype version of what would become better known as the Douglas A-1 Skyraider.  Initial aircraft arrived in January 1948 and on October 19, production examples of the aircraft (designated AD-2).  However, the squadron was disestablished shortly thereafter on 20 November 1948 with elements of the squadron joining elements of VF-1L to form Aircraft Development Squadron 3 (VX-3) which would serve in a similar role for the next twelve years before ultimately being disestablished itself on 1 March 1960.
In 1979, Kunkel released her first album for Columbia Records, which featured several of her own compositions. The self-titled album produced one single, "Step Right Up". The following year he released her second solo album for Columbia, I Run With Trouble.
AMDA-Nepal (Association of Medical Doctors of Asia-Nepal ) is humanitarian, nonprofit-making, nonpolitical, non-sectarian, non-governmental organization working with its mission to promote the health and well-being of the underprivileged and marginalized people of Nepal.
Myopsyche xanthopleura is a moth of the  family Arctiidae. It was described by Holland in 1898. It is found in Cameroon.
As a freshman in college, he and another art student, Sam Viviano, turned out silk screened posters for the theater department. Viviano went on to work as the art director at Mad Magazine in New York City. McKowen graduated from the University of Michigan School of Art in Ann Arbor, with a Bachelor of Fine Arts, magna cum laude. After college, and while living in Ann Arbor, Michigan, he would travel 200 miles north to see theatre in Stratford, Ontario. One year he brought his portfolio along and was offered a job designing theatre posters. This was his break into the world of professional graphic illustration.
All the games in the series are rendered using a comic book-like cel-shaded approach.
Chen Jian was the recipient of the Jeffrey Sean Lehman Grant for Scholarly Exchange with China, Cornell University, 2007. His other fellowships include Jennings Randolph Senior Fellowship for International Peace, United States Institute of Peace, 1996-1997 and the Norwegian Nobel Institute Fellowship, Oslo, Norway, 1993.
On its English-language Twitter account, the Russian Foreign Ministry described the targeting of Russian- and Soviet-built monuments as "Russophobic vandalism" and an "outrage", and demanded that it be stopped.
Marsie was awarded the OBE in 1918 in recognition of her charitable work for soldiers during World War I. Early in World War II the Lowrys donated 10,000 pounds to the New Zealand Patriotic Fund for the construction of the "Lowry Hut" at Maadi Camp in Cairo. The "hut" was actually an extensive building incorporating a range of facilities for allied soldiers. Their daughter Beet worked there throughout the war. Lady Freyberg said of her work: "her value as a morale-raiser to the NZEF was beyond price".
''2007'' : 4.3 million euros in investments gained for expansion
Madia began her career in February 2008 when she was chosen by the Secretary of the Democratic Party, Walter Veltroni, who proposed her to be candidate for Chamber of Deputies. On 29 April 2008 she was elected, and she was confirmed in 2013.
Theodore Segal, Clerk, Department of Public Works, Palestine.
Vitamix, privately owned and operated by the Barnard family since 1921, manufactures high-performance blenders for consumers and for the restaurant and hospitality industry. Since its creation, Vitamix has been located in Olmsted Township, Ohio, where the company employs more than 900 people at their headquarters, customer service, and manufacturing facilities in Northeast Ohio.
The Langue of Italy also built the Church of St. Catherine adjacent to the auberge. Construction of the church began in 1576, and it was enlarged and modified in 1683 and 1710.
In 2009, they hosted a festival of rugby designed to raise awareness of the 2010 Women's Rugby World Cup which was being held in England. The festival was also intended to gain more players for Lichfield Ladies. Lichfield Ladies' second team plays in RFU Championship Midlands 2. In 2011, they were the only team to defeat Richmond Women in the league. Richmond had previously gone unbeaten until they played Lichfield. Between 2010 and 2013, Lichfield Ladies finished in third position in the Women's Premiership for three consecutive years.
Non-UCI ProTeams are indicated by an asterisk below. Each of the 21 teams were permitted up to eight riders, for a maximum of 168 riders. 164 riders started the race.
In reference to the Pakistani Government's announcement of its intent to issue resident cards to the city's inhabitants as a security measure to prevent the movement of firearms into the city, former Chief Minister of Balochistan province, Akhtar Mengal, suggested at a political rally in November 2015, that execution of CPEC projects and the resident card policy would eventually result in ethnic Baloch being denied entry into the city. The resident cards measure would require any non-resident visitor to the city to register at designated security checkpoints prior to entering the city by road, without any reference to ethnicity. The former Chief Minister did, however, clarify that he would not oppose development projects in the province that he believed would uplift the plight of local residents. Shortly thereafter, the Pakistani government announced its intention to establish a training institute named Pak-China Technical and Vocational Institute at Gwadar which is to be completed at the cost of 943 million rupees to impart skills to local residents to train them to operate machinery at the port.
Olive Mary Sawyer, Executive Officer, Department of Employment.
During preproduction, Webber and cinematographer Eduardo Serra studied the period's artwork and discussed the different moods they wanted to create for each scene. The director was a lover of the Stanley Kubrick period drama Barry Lyndon, but knew that Girl With a Pearl Earring would be different; unlike the former film's "... elaborate and expensive set pieces ...," Webber's production was to be "... about the intimate relationships within a single household." He was not seeking to create a historically accurate biographical film of Vermeer; Webber sought to direct a period film that avoided being "overly slavish" to characteristics of the genre, desiring instead to "... bring the film to life ..." and have viewers "... be able almost to smell the meat in the market." Webber employed little dialogue and drew inspiration from the "... quiet, tense, mysterious, transcendent world ..." of Vermeer's paintings. The director also made a conscious effort to slow the pace of the film, hoping that by "... slowing things down could create these moments in between the dialogue that were full of emotion. And the more silent the film became, the closer it seemed to be to the condition of those Vermeer paintings and the closer it seemed to capture some kind of truth."
The inmate dining hall and kitchen in the basement of Building 2 were closed and replaced with the newly completed 320-seat dining hall.
Ruth Winifred Ross. For services to the community.
Zodarion musarum is a spider species found in Greece.
Run, nigger, run! I run my bes'
The 66th Battalion was commanded by Lt.-Col. J.W.H. McKinery from 1 May 1916 to 14 August 1916.
Triebold Paleontology Incorporated was established in 1989 and is headed by Michael Triebold.  The traveling exhibition, Savage Ancient Seas, was created and hosted in 2000 and Triebold started a subsidiary company to put its traveling exhibition business under a separate brand, Embedded Exhibitions, in 2001.  In 2004, the Rocky Mountain Dinosaur Resource Center was opened as the world's first intentionally temporary fossil repository, TPI's new headquarters and as a natural history museum serving around 100,000 visitors annually.
Shekhar of Oneindia Entertainment gave the film 3.5 out of 5 stars and called it a "good suspense thriller which will be a treat for family audience", and stated "the second half of the film is simply superb and the suspense element makes you sit on the edge of the seat and watch the movie biting your nails. The climax is also good and it makes the viewers to walk out of the cinema hall with a contented heart". IndiaGlitz gave the film 3.5 out of 5 stars and stated, "The biggest strength of Drushyam is not its genre, but the fact that an excellent screenplay has been written around too less characters for a movie of this genre and without sub plots and the like", and added that "Drushyam is edge-of-the-seat, but it doesn't demand the audience to connect the threads. An unconventional film, this film is refreshing as it is not formulaic".
Roberto Risso ( 22 November 1925 -16 November  2010) was a Swiss-born Italian film actor.
Lafaele Tauli'i as Israel, Fobba-liscious member.
Former Republican Secretary of State Paul Pate and Democratic political consultant and former gubernatorial aide Brad Anderson are running.
Friendship Way is located in the 400-block of Washington Street in Columbus, Indiana. One entrance to Friendship Way opens between 416 and 424 Washington Street. The other entrance opens to the back of the public parking lot at Jackson and Fourth Streets.
Bartel joined the Hamilton Tiger Cats of the Canadian Football League in 2012 after leaving Australia and failing to make a National Football League team. In 2012, Bartel punted over 5,000 yards on 117 punts, for an average of 42.8 yards per punt. In his first season in the CFL, Bartel was named a Divisional All-Star in the East Division for 2012.
Another consideration is that it is so easy to large and complex functionality. Although this poses no problem for SPADE, it does make it hard for certain people to handle the sheer size and complexity of the functionality of system. It is therefore advisable to still tackle size and complexity in the same way as you would in normal system development. By chopping up and structuring functionality in comprehensible pieces.
Even though he was projected to be the starter the next season, and had said that late in the season that he was definitely coming back in 1979, McBath quit football a month after quarterbacking the Longhorns in their Sun Bowl win. He left with a year of eligibility remaining so that he could focus on getting his grades up to medical school standards. He figured he had no chance in the NFL, and saw football getting in the way of his dream of going to medical school. He finished his career with 9 victories and 2 losses as a starter.
But alas for those wifeless and widows!
One week of field training.
Lasius occidentalis is a species of ant belonging to the genus Lasius, formerly apart of the genus (now a subgenus) Acanthomyops. Described in 1909 by Wheeler, the species is native to the United States.
Dull teaches Watsu and Tantsu courses worldwide.  He has taught in 27 countries, including Brazil, Argentina, Chile, Costa Rica, Mexico, Japan, Korea, Australia, New Zealand, India, Israel, and almost every country in Europe.
Born in Thornhill, Hargreaves played for Bradford City.
On 13 February 2014, Hajimumin officially took office in Puntland's state capital, Garowe. Former Minister Halimo Haji Hassan handed over to the new minister documents containing the recent developments achieved by the previous team of the ministry and pending plans. Hajimumin thanked the previous minister and vowed to protect and strengthen women's rights.
The concert Hall "Ion Baciu" is named after the great conductor Ion Baciu, which was the first real leap, which gave specific color printed accents orchestra and the personality. Ion Baciu held in Ploiesti, a prodigious activity: first auditions, musical internships for students in the county and national tournaments, demanding in choosing and shaping their musicians, involvement in community activities, which wrote some of its pages significant attachment to some local initiatives, which has struggled to transform the cultural facts.
Chen Chuang as Lian Sheng.
In 1991 deSoto was one of five artists commissioned to create site-specific artworks at the former site of the Rose Theatre in Bankside, London; in the accompanying catalog, deSoto states that he aims for his installations to take the form of an "experience, rather than a representation of ideas," and intends the work to take on its own "independent life...in time."
Twenty four years later, Admiral Fraser, as commander-in-chief of the Home Fleet, was awarded the Order of Suvorov 1st Class by the Soviet Union for his part in the sinking of the Scharnhorst in the Battle of the North Cape.
He married his wife Margaret L. (born 8 July 1888 in Dunfermline) in Edinburgh on 24 September 1919. They arrived in the US on 2 November 1919. They had a son James C Craig (born 4 December 1922, Berkeley, California). He became a naturalized US citizen on 14 July 1939.
Burroughs died in Santa Barbara, California, on March 4, 1926.
At the end the end of the war, LCS(L)(3)-102 served as part of the occupation forces in Japan until December 1945 when it was moved to China before being deemed surplus and decommissioned in April 1946 and laid up in the Pacific Reserve Fleet, Columbia River Group, in Astoria, Oregon. Redesignated Landing Ship Support Large, USS LSSL-102, on 28 February 1949 she was soon transferred to Japan, 30 April 1953, and renamed JDS Himawari where she served until 18 April 1966 when she was brought to the US, re-transferred to Thailand and renamed HTMS Nakha (LSSL-751). She stayed in Thailand until 2007.
The 1906 Intercalated Games were held in Athens and at the time were officially recognised as part of the Olympic Games series, with the intention being to hold a games in Greece in two-year intervals between the internationally held Olympics. However, this plan never came to fruition and the International Olympic Committee (IOC) later decided not to recognise these games as part of the official Olympic series. Some sports historians continue to treat the results of these games as part of the Olympic canon.
Simon Leahy is currently in a second band, bottoms, with singer Jake Dibeler and drummer Micheal Prommasit. He also organizes the Bushwick drag festival, BushWig, and the NYC Porn Film Festival.
The Natural History Museum of Iceland also moved into the building in 1908. In 1947 the Icelandic Natural History Society handed the exhibition over to the state, but it was closed in 1960 because of lack of space. It reopened in 1967 at a temporary location.
Even while still in school, Katamba exhibited entrepreneurial skill, by starting a business during the break between middle and high school.
From 2011 to 2013, Mbye played for the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs' NYC team. On 21 April 2012, he played for the Queensland under-20s team against the New South Wales under-20s team. In 2013, he captained the Bulldogs' NYC team. On 20 April 2013, he again played for the Queensland under-20s team against the New South Wales under-20s team. On 13 October 2013, he played for the Junior Kangaroos against the Junior Kiwis.
At the 36th Filmfare Awards the film won the Filmfare Award for Best Screenplay for Basu Chatterjee. In 2013, to commemorate 100 years of Indian cinema, National Film Development Corporation of India (NFDC) in partnership with Shemaroo, released a digitally re-mastered print of the film under "Cinemas of India" label.
Xystochroma gracilipes is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Bates in 1879.
He died on June 26, 1997; and was buried at the Riverside Cemetery in Saddle Brook, New Jersey.
The Gaiety Theater is a stand-alone art deco cinema house located at M.H. del Pilar Street in the Ermita district of the city of Manila. It was designed by Juan Nakpil, National Artist of the Philippines for Architecture, in 1935. The construction of these early theaters in the City of Manila provided the venue for early forms of entertainment like bodabil, a local adaptation of vaudeville, with most eventually converting to movie theaters with the growth and popularity of Philippine cinema in the metropolis.
Miheso began his career in the Kenyan Premier League, where he played for Thika United from 2011 to 2013, before joining Sofapaka and spending a further three seasons with the club.
The film had its world premiere at the Fantasia Film Festival in Montreal on August 3, 2013.
FAM167A and its paralogs are protein encoding genes containing the conserved domain DUF3259, a protein of unknown function. FAM167A has many orthologs in which the domain of unknown function is highly conserved.
Born in Edinburgh, where his father was in business, Milroy attended Edinburgh High School, and made medical studies at Edinburgh University. He became M.R.C.S. Edin. in June 1824, and M.D. Edin. in July 1828. He was one of the founders and active members of the Hunterian Society of Edinburgh.
Serphentina pinned Jewells Malone with a Gordbuster.
XLrator Media released the film on DVD on 11 March 2014.
Anelaphus cerussatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Newman in 1841.
Like the two albums of the Preservation rock opera before it and Schoolboys in Disgrace after it, Soap Opera follows a storyline throughout the album. In "Everybody's a Star (Starmaker)", Ray Davies portrays the main character of the album, Starmaker. Starmaker describes himself as "a creator, inventor and innovator" who watches "the ordinary people, no matter what their occupation is." He goes on to say that "everybody's a celebrity, and we've all got personality and individuality. We all read lines, and we all act a part, we all need a script and an audience to play to. No matter what you do, or who you are, everybody's a star." He also claims that he "can turn the most ordinary man in the world into a star," "no matter how dull or simple" he is.
Milward, Peter. ''Biblical Themes in Shakespeare: Centring on King Lear'' Tokyo, Japan: The Renaissance Institute, 1975.
Scaeosopha grandannulata is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found on Borneo and Sumatra.
On September 1, 1612, Polish-Lithuanian forces unsuccessfully tried to break the siege of the Moscow Kremlin, and rescue the Commonwealth garrison under Mikolaj Strus, which was kept there. To achieve this, they attacked from west, towards the suburbs of Moscow. Polish hussars, backed by Polish, Hungarian and German infantry, managed to break Russian lines. At the same time, however, right wing of the Commonwealth forces was exposed, which was immediately noticed by Don Cossacks of Dmitry Trubetsky. Their cavalry attacked, managing to disperse Polish-Lithuanian forces. At the same time, Commonwealth units in the Kremlin tried to attack Russian positions, but also failed. On this day, both sides lost some 1000 men.
Piano Trio No. 2 may refer to:
Ward campaigns against violence against women, organizing events for One Billion Rising.
Nili has endorsements with Inspire Guitars, Ibanez Guitars, Xotic Effects, EMG Pickups and Peavey Amps.
Nico Krisch (born April 7, 1972) is a legal scholar, specializing in international law, constitutional theory, and global governance. He is professor at the Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies in Geneva. Previously, he was research professor at the ICREA, Institut Barcelona d'Estudis Internacionals, and a Fellow at the Hertie School of Governance in Berlin. He has also been a professor of international law at the Hertie School, a senior lecturer at the Law Department of the London School of Economics and Political Science, and a research fellow at Merton College (Oxford), New York University School of Law and the Max Planck Institute for International Law in Heidelberg. He has also been a visiting professor of law at Harvard Law School.
On October 19, 2016, Fields signed to the Washington Redskins practice squad.
Born in Padua, after having had her film debut with a minor role in Ho sognato il paradiso and after having not been admitted to the Centro Sperimentale di Cinematografia, in 1951 Bovo had her breakthrough role winning the audition for the role of the awkward homeless Edvige in Vittorio De Sica's neorealist fantasy-comedy  Miracle in Milan. One year later she got an equally important role, the newlywed dreamer Wanda in Federico Fellini's The White Sheik. In spite of the popularity gained with her early roles, Bovo's career continued mainly in B-movies, in which she was sometimes credited as Barbara Hudson. She was also active in television dramas. Her sister Mariolina Bovo was also an actress.
''Pagaent'' by Ken Nintzel, June 2000.
Whitaker was born to a fruit farming family from the West of England. As a child, he played Rugby, later developing an interest in motor racing.
On 6 June 2014 Omonia announced his return to the team.
Neocompsa sinaloana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Linsley in 1935.
In December 2014, Miyamoto stated that Star Fox Zero would be released before the new installment of The Legend of Zelda series in 2016. He also confirmed that the game would be compatible with Amiibo, but did not specify in what way. On January 5, 2015, he confirmed that Star Fox would be playable at E3 2015, and reiterated of the GamePad/monitor gameplay method, which would "allow for cinematic moments to blend with continuous gameplay.". On August 24, the release date was announced by Nintendo for November 20, 2015, but the game was subsequently delayed to the first quarter of 2016. On November 12, 2015, Nintendo officially announced that the game would be released in North America on April 22, 2016. The March 2016 Nintendo Direct revealed that it would release in Europe on that same day, and the next in Australia.
Hamid Gabbay was born circa 1943 in Iran. He received a PhD in Architecture from the University of Florence in 1971.
Symptoms of CSD can be worsened by any self precipitated motion, usually from the head, or the witnessing of motion from another subject. These are usually less noticeable when the person is laying still.
Shivaratri (literally meaning Shiva's night) is a festival of great significance for Hindus all over the world, especially for those of Kashmiri origin settled in Jammu. On this day, Lord Siva and his spouse Parvati are worshipped with great devotion everywhere in the country. Esoterically, it is symbolic of the mystic union of Jiva (individual soul) with Paramatma (the Supreme Godhead) and it represents the high state of spiritual realization wherein the world of relativity fades away and perfect peace and calm prevails. Along with worshipping 'Shiva' people observe both social and cultural meets on this festival. They rejoice and exchange greetings with friends and relatives.
The plaza's construction was delayed by Hurricane Sandy. Representing the exiting Bloomberg administration, Mandel said, "We think it's important to make our best efforts in our last hours in the neighborhood." 
Initially, Aikens was a member of the Australian Labor Party, being secretary of the Cloncurry branch from 1933 to 1940. He was also the founder of their branch at Hermit Park. However, his Soviet sympathies caused him to be expelled from the party in 1940; the Hermit Park branch was also expelled from the Labor party in 1941 for the same reasons. The branch responded by forming its own political party, the North Queensland Labor Party (NQLP).
Straight Outta Compton is a 2015 American biographical film directed by F. Gary Gray, depicting the career of gangsta rap group N.W.A. Titled after N.W.A's 1988 debut studio album, the film focuses on members Eazy-E, Ice Cube, and Dr. Dre. Members of N.W.A were involved in making the film: Ice Cube and Dr. Dre were among its producers, as was Eazy-E's widow, Tomica Woods-Wright, while MC Ren and DJ Yella served as creative consultants. Ice Cube is portrayed by his son, O'Shea Jackson, Jr., with Corey Hawkins as Dr. Dre and Jason Mitchell as Eazy-E. Paul Giamatti also stars as N.W.A's manager Jerry Heller.
Sphecomorpha rufa  is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Gounelle in 1911.
In order to reduce the number of participating teams for the First Round to 32, a preliminary tournament is played. In contrast to the main tournament, the preliminary tournament is held as a single-leg knock-out competition. Matches were played on 29 August 2014 and involved the teams from Albanian First Division and Albanian Second Division.
The headquarter center is accessible within walking distance south of Shandao Temple Station of Taipei Metro.
Woohee was a trainee of the now defunct entertainment agency Medialine Entertainment, where she was slated to debut within the five-member girl group Viva Girls.  The project was terminated in early 2011 due to financial difficulties within the agency.
Fink graduated from Reed College in 1967.
Reunited is the eight studio album by South African duo Mafikizolo. It was released physically on 10 April 2013 and digitally on 11 April 2013 via iTunes. "Khona", the album's lead single, debuted on January 10, 2013, and was met with critical acclaim.
Keith Johnson left the show when he took an astronomy position with the University of Arkansas at Little Rock. The show also lost David Crews a few months later when he left for a new job in Austin. However, in the spring of 1981 the show gained its final producer, William D. Vernon, a collector of science fiction paperbacks who was employed as a research chemist with El Paso Products Company in Odessa.
Main larval host plants are in the family Convolvulaceae, especially field bindweed (Convolvulus arvensis) and larger bindweed (Calystegia sepium), but these polyphagous larvae feed also on common yarrow (Achillea millefolium). Adults occur from April to September.
In his junior season, he was the recipient of the Robert O'Neill Memorial Award for the third straight year. He was also the recipient of the John P. Hilferty Memorial Award as the Hawks' Most Valuable Player; was also named to the All-Atlantic 10 third team and the All-Big 5 first team. In 32 games (31 starts), he averaged 11.2 points, 8.3 rebounds and 1.0 assists in 30.7 minutes per game.
In 2005, as a graduate student at Arizona he won two separate American Sociological Association (ASA) section awards with co-author Jessica Collett. Best Graduate Student Paper Award in Religion for Why biology is not (religious) destiny: a second look at gender differences in religiosity and Best Graduate Student Paper Award in Emotions for Socioe-conomic status and the experience of anger.
Son is the fourth and final book in The Giver Quartet by Lois Lowry''.
Defense attorney Richard Ramsay works on a tough case to defend 17 year-old Mike Lassiter, who is suspected of murdering his wealthy father. Ramsay enlists the help of a young lawyer Janelle, who is determined to find out the truth about what happened that day.
The topside was equipped with the worlds first RB211 with DLE technology.
The Church of St Cadoc, sometimes referred to as "The Cathedral of Gower", is a Grade I listed building located in the hamlet of Cheriton on the north side of the Gower Peninsula, Wales, UK.
This is the progression of world record improvements of the long jump W85 division of Masters athletics.
Pino was a member of the New York State Assembly 1945 to 1955, sitting in the 165th, 166th, 167th, 168th, 169th and 170th New York State Legislatures. He resigned his seat on October 6, 1955, to run for the State Senate seat vacated by the appointment of Louis L. Friedman to the New York Supreme Court.
Nawi and this small group of activists have been described as an 'independent aid agency': 'whatever cash went into their hands was immediately translated into solving the problems of the poorest of the land.' For the last decade he has set up summer day camps for Bedouin children, brought in projectors to show them films, and taken them on trips to Jericho where, for the first time in their life, they can have an opportunity to swim. He has introduced computer technology in these communities, installed solar panels and electricity-generating windmills with the assistance of an Israeli engineer from COMET:ME for a Palestinian refugee camp. He helps ambulances get through roadblocks and hands out cash to poor people. He has organized Ta'ayush activities which involve escorting children to school and protecting them from settlers.  After a Knesset committee grilled an IDF commander on the way children were being prevented from going to school, the IDF instituted armoured personnel carriers to accompany them. Such escorts however do not apply when summer camps are conducted, and, according to Nawi, a settler quipped that while the Geneva Convention guaranteed children the right to a schooling, it says nothing about their right to summer camp.
With its approval, the Maria Cristina Barangay High School was established during the year 1972 of June with 183 students man with 5 teachers. There were 2 sections in first year and one section in second year as a start. There were classes held at the barangay hall and 2 classes at the elementary school. The school grows in population causing the PTA to construct a temporary classroom made of nipa to accommodate enrollees on the following school year.
''Admiral Harold R. Stark: Architect of Victory 1939-1945'' (1989).
The Mont Peyroux Formation is a geologic formation in France. It preserves fossils dating back to the Devonian period.
This is a list of chapters of the Records of the Grand Historian (Shiji), written by the Han dynasty historian Sima Qian.
"When studying structures we are interested only in their form, but when we prove their existence we need to construct them."
Sorelia ferruginea is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Sorelia. It was described by Fuchs in 1964.
The models wore fedoras with long pheasant feather designed by Albertus Swanepoel.
He debuted in the 1961 Tamil movie Sri Valli. Again in 1964 with the help of his uncle, he came to Chennai and tried for chances but could not make it but he only got a small role in the movie Kandan Karunai as one of the devargal, arrested by the Asura king, Surapadma. Later in 1973 he got an offer to act in films. His first major role was in Kailasam Balachander's Aval Oru Thodar Kathai in 1974.
The World Challenge Games are held between the eighth-ranked team in the Group A round robin and the winner of the Group B tournament to determine which of these two teams will play at the World Championships.
In December 2015, Game Informer ranked the game as the sixth best game in the Assassin's Creed series to date.
The statue is listed at Grade II. In 2012 it underwent restoration, and the cleaning was completed and new water features added in 2014.
This is one of the thirty-five juvenile novels that comprise the Winston Science Fiction set, which novels were published in the 1950s for a readership of teen-aged boys. The typical protagonist in these books was a boy in his late teens who was proficient in the art of electronics, a hobby that was easily available to the readers.
Its colors are red and white.
Control of Chilo infuscatellus in sugar plantations is difficult. The plants are large and occupy the site for two or more years and insecticides are not normally practicable. A number of natural enemies can reduce the damage done by this pest; these include the tiny wasps Trichogramma spp., Telenomus spp., the egg parasitoid Cotesia flavipes, the fly Sturmiopsis inferens, various egg predators and the granulosis virus. Destruction of dead plant material at the end of the growing season and the elimination of wild grasses can also be helpful. Adjusting planting dates and various cultural techniques have been used with varying degrees of success.
The album debuted at No. 24 on the US Hard Rock album chart.
Once the Mali Federation collapsed, the jailed UNM leaders were released. Subsequently the party moved closed to Moktar Ould Daddah. The party was pressured to align with PRM and on October 10, 1960 the two parties formed a united front. At a meeting held on June 30, 1961 leaders of PRM, UNM and the former Nahda agreed to merge their parties. Subsequently, the Mauritanian People's Party (PPM) was formed as the sole legal party in the country.
Granada Lions and Santurtzi Coyotes can not qualify for the playoffs, as they also play Serie B. 
The play begins with Lucy, a four-year-old girl, sitting by herself in the living room, playing with a Ken and Barbie. Mr Marmalade appears and the two begins to play tea. Mr Marmalade asks Lucy if she's angry with him, who says she just wishes he wasn't too busy. Sookie, Lucy's mother, interrupts the tea party and asks Lucy which dress she should wear. Mr Marmalade, who Sookie cannot see, suggests the red one. Sookie leaves and Mr M and Lucy return to their conversation. Mr M tells Lucy he will take her to Mexico, to Cabo San Lucas. Their happiness is put at an end when Mr Marmalade is sent back to the office, leaving Lucy alone again. Sookie then re-enters and tells Lucy that the babysitter, Emily, will be there in half an hour. Sookie then leaves, leaving Lucy alone once more.
After the death of Eddie Moore, Stack became a consultant and in 1988 formed an exploratory group to look at the lack of services for people with significant disabilities in NJ, Texas, NY, PA and Tennessee. He incorporated Community Options with friends from both University of Dayton and Kent State in 1989.  In 1990 Stack introduced John F. Kennedy Jr. to the Rehabilitation Conference participants for over 2,000 in Albany, New York.
In May 2015 Cyril Ramaphosa announced a tariff decrease to 30c/km for light vehicles, capped at R225 per month (with or without an e-tag). Formerly e-tag holders paid 30c/km, capped at R450 per month, and those without an e-tag, 58c/km. Visitors to Gauteng would be exempt for the first 30 gantries passed per annum, whereafter normal fees would apply to these and additional gantries. For a limited period, e-toll fees in arrears would be payable at 70c/km rather than R1.74/km. Any e-toll fees would henceforth be payable at post offices or online, in addition to Sanral kiosks. Ramaphosa indicated that the e-toll system will be subsidized to an amount of R700 million per annum from the state's eventuality fund, to service a backlog which accrued to R197 billion by 2015. Accounts would be integrated with the eNaTIS system. 
The name of the church was St.George from 1956 to 2007. New church was blessed on 17 January 2007 along with new Name Mar Thoma Sleeha Church, Nilackal Thulappally.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
The University of Sydney comments that "The rich variety of the woodcuts makes this a very attractive book. The engraver was a skilled craftsman, but there is some botanical retrogression, since he did not always fully understand the plants he was copying from previous cuts."
David Flynn (born March 21, 1989 in Warsaw, Indiana) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Harrisburg City Islanders in the USL Pro.
Events from the year 1967 in Taiwan, Republic of China. This year is numbered Minguo 56 according to the official Republic of China calendar.
Bohdan Volodymyrovych Kutiepov is a Ukrainian journalist and freelance musician (bayan). Along with Haydamaky, in 2014 recorded a musical video clip "Arkana".
U-1208 took part in no wolfpacks.
Tis A Plaine Case Gentlemen is an English broadside ballad housed in the Huntington Library. It was originally printed by Stephen Bukley in 1643, and is well known for its opening lines: "OH the distraction of this Factious age! / Have not wile-men (who are starke mad with rage, / Brought this faire Land to such a combustion, / That through their means we may feare confusion.".
The League's two London-based teams dominated throughout the season, with the Leopards team claiming their first silverware in its franchise history after winning the Budweiser League and Sainsbury's Classic Cola Cup double. Their Capital foes, London Towers were equally successful throughout the campaign, clinching the 7 Up Trophy and pipping Leopards to the Play-off title, with a one-point victory in the final at Wembley Arena against their rivals. 
Hamish Watson (born 15 October 1991) is a Scottish rugby union player who plays for Edinburgh in the RaboDirect Pro12. He moved from the Leicester Tigers Academy for a centrally held Scotland 7s contract in the summer of 2011 before being approached to join the club's elite development programme, after a string of impressive showings in the back-row.
The forewings are yellowish-orange to brown with white median and subterminal lines. The terminal line is grey with black dots. The hindwings are creamy white, shaded with pale reddish-brown from the apex to the inner angle. Adults are on wing from June to September.
C.V.Narayanan Nair realized that with sole practice and running of his school, he wouldn't be able to bring back Kalarippayat to its completeness. So he started Kerala Kalari Sangham in 1933 and toured all over India starting from South Karnataka which went on for four years completing hundreds of stages. Thus he became famous even in Sri Lanka. In 1937 he travelled with the sangham to Sri Lanka which was the first Kalarippayat performance ever internationally. In 1938 the team came back to Thalassery and continued practice and spread the knowledge.
Ling Yun as Shih Hsin-chiao, a 30-year-old journalist who trained under Lu Tao-jan.
'''1911 - 26 August 1926''': ''Ashi'' Phuntsho Choden.
Initially believing that they are following the story of one priest who was moved around several times, the Spotlight team begin to uncover a pattern of sexual abuse of children by Catholic priests in Massachusetts, and an ongoing cover-up by the Boston Archdiocese. Through Phil Saviano, who heads the victims' rights group Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests (SNAP), they widen their search to 13 priests. They learn through Richard Sipe, a former priest who worked at trying to rehabilitate pedophile priests, that statistically there should be approximately 90 abusive priests in Boston (six percent of priests). Through their research, they develop a list of 87 names, and begin to find their victims to back up their suspicions. When the September 11 attacks occur, the team is forced to deprioritize the story. They regain momentum when Rezendes learns from Garabedian that there are publicly available documents that confirm Cardinal Law was made aware of the problem and ignored it. Although Rezendes argues vociferously to run the story immediately before more victims suffer and rival newspapers publish, Robinson remains steadfast to research further so that the systemic problem can be more fully exposed.  After The Boston Globe wins a case to have even more legal documents unsealed that provide the evidence of that larger picture, the Spotlight team finally begins to write the story, and plan to publish their findings in early 2002.
The bill would provide funding until whichever of the following first occurs: (1) enactment of an appropriation for any project or activity funded in this joint resolution, (2) enactment of the applicable FY2015 appropriations Act without any provision for the project or activity, or (3) December 11, 2014.
Aaliyah's family was staying at the Trump International Hotel when her body was returned. Staff reported flowers and condolences had been sent in steadily since her death. A worker at the reception desk disclosed that at least 500 bouquets had arrived for the family in the three days between the crash and her body's return, mostly delivered by grieving fans. Aaliyah's publicist, Jill Fritzo, said the Haughton family was touched by the support they received from fans and reported the condition of the family. "They're hanging in there. It's very tough for them".
It features a number of international psychedelic music acts, from genres including psytrance, dark psy, goa trance, full-on, forest, chill-out, psybient, ambient and reggae.1 The festival has been headlined by Ace Ventura, Captain Hook, Liquid Soul, Perfect Stranger, LOUD, Avalon, Kalya Scintilla, MerKaBa, Kashyyyk. The festival is run and promoted by FC Organization. There are two stages; Main Stage and Chill/Reggae Stage.
Ms. Guebre Sellassie was educated at the University of the Sorbonne in Paris.
In the July 2014 general election, the contest for the Mitiaro seat resulted in a tie. Incumbent MP Tangata Vavia, of the Democratic Party, received 50 votes, but so did Cook Islands Party challenger Tuakeu Tangatapoto. The tie was confirmed by a recount, prompting the High Court to call a by-election
'''27 April 2015''' - Supreme Court holds appointment of Bhawani Singh as prosecutor in appeal as wrong in law but doesn't allow a fresh hearing.
National archives are the archives of a nation-state. The concept evolved in various nations at the dawn of modernity based on the impact of nationalism upon bureaucratic processes of paperwork retention.
On July 27, 2015, Paramount Pictures set the film for an April 15, 2016 release in the United States. In February 2016, the film was moved up to April 1, in a limited release. It was then moved to March 30.
Increased advertising signage, in and around the park, will help to fund the four phases of the renovation. Before the renovation began, the majority of the rooftop club owners that surround the stadium felt that such signs would obstruct their sightlines and render them out of business.
In Euclidean geometry, the Droz-Farny line theorem is a property of two perpendicular lines through the orthocenter of an arbitrary triangle.
Later in 2013, Burton helped the Australian Opals win the gold medal at the FIBA Oceania Championship. In 2014, she won another bronze medal with the Opals, this time at the FIBA World Championship. She won another gold medal with the Opals at the 2015 FIBA Oceania Championship.
Hofland is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Bishop Demetriu Radu: the bishop of the Diocese of Oradea, 1903 - 1920, assassinated in Senate; martyr's life and work, Vasile Marcu, Eikon Publishing House, 2005.
The border then runs along the Untersee, passing south of Reichenau. At the lake's exit it turns inland, towards the north, leaving Stein am Rhein within Switzerland, as well as the municipality of Ramsen (canton of Schaffhausen). It then returns to the Rhine, including Gailingen in Germany, but then turns north again to include the bulk of the canton of Schaffhausen, a right-bank territory including the town of Schaffhausen itself, in Switzerland, separating it from the German Schwarzwald-Baar-Kreis and Waldshut district.
Graham started his senior rugby career in Canterbury and turned out for Canterbury's A, B and Under-21 teams while studying to be a Chemical Engineer at the University of Canterbury.   He made one ITM Cup appearance for Canterbury in 2013 before shifting north to link up with Taranaki upon completing his university degree.   Although he started out his career as a tighthead prop, Graham was used to great effect in the loosehead prop position by Taranaki during their successful 2014 ITM Cup campaign.   He made such an impression that he was signed up by the Chiefs ahead of the 2015 Super Rugby season.
On January 2013, Amara joined the DIRP becoming the NIMH Scientific Director and continues her research in her new lab at the NIMH, the Laboratory of Molecular and Cellular Neurobiology in the Section on Molecular and Cellular Signaling. Since 1992, she is the member of NIH review and advisory panels, on study section Chair on the National Advisory Council for the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA), on the Board of Scientific Counselors for NIDA, and on the Board of Scientific Counselors for the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism (NIAAA). She also serves as an Associate Editor for the Annual Review of Pharmacology and Toxicology and is on the editorial boards of several journals; the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
This is a list of adult fiction books that topped The New York Times Fiction Best Seller list in 1981.
As of 1986 there were about 40,000 Sikhs in Greater Vancouver and 20,000 Sikhs in other areas of British Columbia, with a total of about 60,000.
It is an offence to obstruct or assault an IO. Officers can arrest anyone (including British nationals and EU citizens) if they suspect them of committing such an offence. The powers of arrest are contained within Section 28A(5) of the Immigration Act 1971 and Section 23(1) of the UK Borders Act 2007 respectively.
The Baillie Henderson Hospital Complex occupies a 133.4 hectare site about three kilometres north-west of the city of Toowoomba in the suburb of Cranley. It is located on an elevated picturesque site on an east facing slope. The complex comprises over forty buildings, ten of which were constructed between 1888 and 1910 to the master plan of architect JJ Clark and five between 1915 and 1919 influenced by the principles upheld by Dr HB Ellerton.
Source: veikkausliiga.com fi icon
The second elimination final was contested between AFL WB and AFL Ade. The match took place on the night of 12 September 2015, at the Melbourne Cricket Ground. Both teams had not featured in the finals for several years; with the Bulldogs making their first finals appearance since losing the 2010 Preliminary Final and Adelaide last appearing in the 2012 Preliminary Final. This marked the third final between the two teams, after they contested preliminary finals in 1997 and 1998; which were both won by the Crows in their two premiership years.
The festival's inaugural showing was October 25, 2013 (with an encore October 26, 2013), at Whistling Idiots Comedy Dinner Theatre in Bay City, Michigan.  
Following is the list of cultural heritage sites in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. 
Superintendent of Police (S.P.)
Iphiothe criopsoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Iphiothe. It was described by Pascoe in 1866.
The Western Crusaders (Foxes) are a women's gridiron team based in Footscray, Victoria. They were the first women's gridiron team established in Victoria and are affiliated with the Western Crusaders Gridiron Football Club.
Upon his return to Peoria, Kerr practiced law. He made a public speech announcing his alignment with the Republican Party. In 1870, Kerr was elected to the Illinois Senate, where he served a two-year term. He was a candidate for re-election in 1872, but was unsuccessful. Kerr was appointed Peoria City Attorney, holding the position until his death.
Echinopora fruticulosa is a species of stony coral in the Merulinidae family.
Tune thy Musicke to thy Hart: The Art of Eloquent Singing in England 1597-1622. 
The larvae feed on Alnus incana, Alnus rubra and Betula papyrifera.
The weight matrix at the next iteration is equal to the present weight matrix plus a change proportional to the negative gradient of the mean square error. For the two-dimensional LMS adaptive filter, the filter coefficients are updated as follows:
The economic activity of the organization is re-exporting of totally new cars and their spare parts.
The band spent the next few months touring the US with such artists as The Griswolds, Miniature Tigers, Little Daylight, Weezer, Bleachers, Kongos  and are heading out on a full US tour supporting The 1975 in November and played their first show on October 14, 2014 in London supporting The Neighbourhood.
No contestants were spot-selected to advance to the next round in this episode.
Antonio Zucchi is a field hockey player, who competed for Argentina at the 1948 Summer Olympics, he played in all three group games.
Greater thrust requires higher power lasers. Lasers are often designed to maximize power outside the laser cavity, while PLT calls for maximizing laser power inside the cavity. The necessary laser operation parameters to maximize intracavity power (circulating power) in laser cavities are still poorly understood.
Litterer, Joseph A. "Systematic management: The search for order and integration." ''Business History Review'' 35.04 (1961): 461-476.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on Funtumia elastica and Holarrhena floribunda.
Infernum a three-volume series about roleplaying in Hell.
In Climate Change, Bjorn Stevens, Director of the Max Planck Institute for Meteorology.
Smith is co-founder of Partners In Leadership and is a New York Times bestselling author. He and his business partner, Roger Connors, have authored books on workplace accountability. Smith has conducted workshops and consulting engagements throughout the globe as he is recognized as an expert on the topic of workplace accountability. He is a facilitator of senior executive groups and management teams.
File:CC-BY-icon-80x15.png This Wikipedia article was originally based on "The Queensland heritage register" published by the State of Queensland under CC-BY 3.0 AU licence (accessed on 7 July 2014, archived on 8 October 2014). The geo-coordinates were originally computed from the "Queensland heritage register boundaries" published by the State of Queensland under CC-BY 3.0 AU licence (accessed on 5 September 2014, archived on 15 October 2014).
A post office was established at Center Star on April 15, 1850, and was named for its central location on the "star route" (a remote postal route served by a private contractor). The post office was in operation until 1902. It was then reopened for one year in 1914.
''...At Home and Abroad'', 1961
When the Federation was imposed in 1953, Gomani began to pursue resistance by ignoring official agricultural and conservation regulations. In response, the colonial government suspended and then withdrew its recognition as the paramount chief. In May 1953, the police tried to force Gomani out of the district but failed due to the thousands of people that had gathered at his house in Lizwe la Zulu (or Lizuli in short).
''Global Alliance Partners'', a network of financial entities has elected Iman as a director at its Conference in New York City in 2016; the first female director for the institution.
Zainab Balogun (born 10 October 1989) is a Nigerian actress, model and television presenter. She began modeling at an early age after being scouted at 16. She has been featured in several international campaigns for different brands. She co-founded "The J-ist TV", an online entertainment web-series that highlights African culture and a range of topical issues; the series features interviews involving some of Africa's top personalities.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
The two friends confirmed to the Post that they remembered meeting Jackie on the night of the incident, that she was distraught but not visibly injured or bloodied, and that details she provided then were different from those in the Rolling Stone article. One friend, Ryan Duffin (called "Randall" in the Rolling Stone article), told the Washington Post that he had never spoken to any reporter from Rolling Stone, although Erdely had claimed him as a source to corroborate the accuser's story.
"Is There Anyone Up There?" - 6:00
In an interview with Time, The Force Awakens costume designer Michael Kaplan said that Abrams requested that Ren's mask be designed to be memorable for a child. After numerous attempts to gain Abrams' approval, the final design was selected. Kaplan said:
Windsor Shire Council Chambers (former) was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992 having satisfied the following criteria.
The former Government Printing Office buildings fit within a pattern of substantial, well designed masonry buildings constructed to the designs of colonial and government architects. The structures show an adaption to Queensland's climate and the increased availability of materials and skills over time, including improvements in brick manufacturing processes. The designs of the constituent buildings also demonstrate the increased ambitiousness of the projects of the Colonial/Government Architect's Office between the 1870s and the 1910s.
Built on the banks of the Bow River, Quarry Park has been designed based on many flood mitigation strategies to ensure the community does not face devastation at the hands of flooding. The Bow River flooded in the spring of 2013, causing major damage to many areas in Calgary and its surrounding communities. Quarry Park, despite being located in an evacuation zone, remained completely dry.
In 1976, Emmons was elected treasurer of Big Rapids Township, a position she held for 10 years, as well as chair of the Mecosta County Republican Party, where she served until 1980.  From 1981 to 1986, Emmons was a member of the Michigan Townships Association Board of Directors, and was also on the board of the Michigan Municipal Treasurer's Association for two years.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
In 2004, the Columbia County Natural Areas Inventory recommended protecting Culley Run.
Iain Alastair Smith, General Manager, Royal Aberdeen Workshops for the Blind.
Ruby Walsh tracked the front-runner Cole Harden before taking the lead at the third last at which he blundered but managed to stay upfront putting in another awkward jump at the second last hurdle while horses from off the pace were starting to make their presence felt in behind. At the turn Walsh asked his mount for the final effort and Faugheen responded by steering away from his rivals and finishing four and a half lengths at the line ahead of Ballyalton and Rathvinden who were both kept off the pace throughout the race.
On September 22, 2015, the Philadelphia Eagles signed Krause to their practice squad. On November 24, 2015, the Philadelphia Eagles promoted Krause to their 53-man roster.
In addition to the Pulitzer, his awards include the National Headliners Club award (1940), the George Westinghouse Science Writers award of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (1946). The Howard W. Blakeslee Award of the American Heart Association is named in his honor.
During the auditions judges picked 37 dancers. These dancers were taking part in choreography camp in Sevilla.
The Vermont gubernatorial election of 1920 took place on November 2, 1920. Incumbent Republican Percival W. Clement, per the "Mountain Rule", did not run for re-election to a second term as Governor of Vermont. Republican candidate James Hartness defeated Democratic candidate Fred C. Martin to succeed him.
The intersection takes its name from the Normanby Hotel on the corner of  Musgrave Road and Kelvin Grove Road, which in turn was named in 1872 most likely after the recently appointed Governor of Queensland, George Phipps, 2nd Marquess of Normanby.
If a curved low flight speed operating line is extrapolated to higher flow, it tends to coalesce with the straight high flight speed operating line, also extrapolated.
The College of Business and Economics offers Ph.D. Economics and a Ph.D. in business administration programs with concentrations in accounting, finance, management, and marketing.
Marco van der Hulst (born 20 May 1963) is a former Dutch cyclist. He competed in the men's team pursuit event at the 1984 Summer Olympics, finishing in tenth place.
Leonard L. Garrison, "Happy Birthday, Bob: A Tribute to Robert Willoughby" ''The Flutist Quarterly'' '''XXVI''' (2, Winter 2001): 57-61
Terence George Bramall CBE is a British businessman and philanthropist.
Shubha Mangal Saavadhan  is a Marathi comedy drama movie, which was released in 2006. It is directed by Mahesh Kothare. One of the most popular movies in marathi film industry.
Mike Maccagnan is an American football executive who is the current general manager for the New York Jets of the National Football League (NFL). He was hired by the Jets on January 13, 2015.
Montoto heads the Taeda Foundation, based in Buenos Aires, which holds events of all kinds related to security and involving Daniel Scioli.
Germany and Turkey signed a Treaty of Friendship.
He was a judge of  notably strong  Tory  views which led to serious differences with his colleagues, even though they were generally also inclined to Toryism.  They  accused him of  outright falsehood,   and of twisting the law in his  judgments  for political ends. As early as 1712 his removal from the Bench  was said to be imminent. Those years saw a bitter dispute between the Crown and Dublin Corporation concerning the appointment of the Lord Mayor of Dublin  and other officials: Nutley like all his colleagues on the Bench sided with the Crown, and signed a report justifying the Crown's stance in the matter. Nutley was sent to London in 1714 to explain the judges' conduct.
If I Die Young (IFIDY) is an American non-profit organization founded on June 10, 2014 which exists to give struggling teens a new family, a new goal, and a community. In particular, the organization raises funds for these causes by selling a line of clothing on their website, as well as organizing charity events on social media.
Wasiu Alabi Pasuma (November 27, 1967) popularly known as "Oganla", is a Nigerian film actor and fuji musician.
Katherine Zappone, the first openly lesbian member of the Oireachtas, proposed remarrying her wife on air.
Parmenopsis caucasica is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Parmenopsis. It was described by Leder in 1879.
A 200-room hotel and convention center.
Parotis bracata is a moth in the Crambidae family. It was described by E. Hering in 1901. It is found in Indonesia (Sumatra).
The Picture of Dorian Gray is an American film directed and written by Dave Rosenbaum, starring Josh Duhamel.
Ojo holds B.Sc, M.Sc., M.phil, LLM, and Ph.D.degrees. He received his degrees; a B.Sc in Political Science, an M.Sc in International Relations and Diploma in French from the University of Ife, Nigeria (now Obafemi Awolowo University); An M.phil (DEA) in African Studies and a PhD in Political Science from the University of Bordeaux 1 in France; An LLM in international Law from the University of Nottingham, England and a Ph.D in International Humanitarian law, among other degrees.
Argentina challenged the U.S. by these specific measures:
''Iris spuria'' X Iris crocea: 'Spuraur'.
Rev. John Broadwood (1798snd26 January 1864) was the first English folk song collector.
Several units were used to measure area.  Some units and their legal equalents are given below:
The Chair's namesake, Sir Hubert Wilkins, was a South Australian researcher who studied weather and its impacts on people. Sir Hubert was also concerned about the loss of native flora and fauna during an era when few Australians were concerned with conservation.
Elizabeth Caldwell married Charlie Scott Jr. They had one daughter, artist Joyce J. Scott (b. 1948).  Charlie Scott Jr. died in 2005, and Elizabeth Talford Scott died in 2011, age 95. In 2014, Elizabeth Talford Scott was one of three artists featured in a show titled "The In and Outsiders" at the Galerie Myrtis in Baltimore.
The Salvation Army Lass is a 1909 American silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
Ben Swor Jr. as Blinkey
The first round was started at 11:40.
After destruction of facilities at Cavite Navy Yard on 10 December 1941 Fisheries II moved with Motor Torpedo Boat Squadron Three to Sisiman Bay on the Bataan Peninsula where the commandeered tug Trabajador served as tender to the squadron. Despite the need to patrol in pairs in the event one PT needed assistance from another the critical shortage of spares and fuel often prevented such paring so that one of the small converted patrol yachts, Maryann, Perry, or Fisheries II was used to accompany the PT. On 10 March the last PT boats departed south with General MacArthur with increased Japanese naval activity in the vicinity of the entrances to Manila Bay.
Zuley wanted to blindfold Slahi, load him on a plane, take him on a long flight circling Guantanamo, but tell him, when he landed, that he was now in an Arab country allied to the USA, where even more brutal torture was routine. However, funds were not made available to charter a plane, so Zuley arranged to blindfold him, and take him on a boat. During his 2004 CSR Tribunal, Slahi testified that Zuley described a dream where he saw Slahi's corpse being buried.
E. cordata is a small short-tongued species. Females possess claws with a basal tooth, while males have a similar or cleft claw with absent arolia (adhesive pads) in both. Unlike bees of the tribe Bombini, female mandibles have strong apical teeth. Male genitalia are extremely sclerotized with a distinct gonobase and small to moderately sized upper gonostylus. Larvae have small and pointed dorsolateral tubercles (a bone projection) on the thoracic and upper abdominal segment with two similarly shaped tubercles on the vertex. Among the genera of Euglossini, Euglossa are known to be especially metallic and glittery and smaller in body size, and E. cordata are no exception, as individuals are observed to be a brilliant green color.
The Kerala High Court in December 2001 responding to a Public Interest Litigation restrained one T. A. Majeed, proprietor of the Kochi-based Fair Pharma, from manufacturing and marketing a drug called Immuno-QR, which he claimed to cure HIV/AIDS, or any drug under Schedule J. The manufacturer held a patent for a drug for treating general weakness and fatigue, but not AIDS. The petitioners, People's Union for Civil Liberties, had asked the court the manufacturers should be allowed to sell the Ayurvedic drug only after it has undergone clinical trials, under the supervision of National Institute for Communicable Diseases and the Centre for Advanced Research in Virology.
By the turn of the 20th century both enterprises turned their ambitions to horseless carriages and the potential for working in this new industry. William Francis Stewart was an initial investor in the Buick Motor Company and served for many years on its board of directors. William E. Stewart's Flint Body Company started producing wooden automotive bodies first and in 1903 sold 200 units to the Merchants' Specialty Company of New York City.
Wilson argued that "This is a well-told tale from a keen medical mind."
Syllepte nasonalis is a moth in the Crambidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1898. It is found in South Africa.
The Southern Plains villagers were likely the ancestors, at least in part,  of the historic Wichita and other Caddoan peoples. Some of the Southern Plains Villagers survived into the historic era in the 16th century when Spanish explorers first ventured onto the Great Plains. The Wichita's first contact with Europeans was in 1541 when they were visited by Francisco Coronado in Kansas.
Satish Dharmaraj currently has investments in Infer, Sonos, Coin, Gogobot, Peel, Pure Storage, MapR, and Big Switch.
In the 1928 Summer Olympics the athlete of the team, Antonis Kariofilis, became the first Greek to open the parade of nations.
Madeleine Ines Reid, British subject resident in Greece.
The image on the top right shows observations by Hubble from October 2015, taken at the beginning of the observation programme to detect the newest appearance of the supernova.
James Eric McKee. For services in connexion with patriotic and charitable organisations in the State of South Australia.
Lieutenant-Colonel George Patrick, New Zealand Permanent Staff, New Zealand Military Forces.
Daveyston is a small town in the northern Barossa Valley region of South Australia. It is adjacent to the current Sturt Highway which previously ran through the middle of the town. The town is named after Benjamin Davey who had established a mill there before the town was established.
For this example architecture, the locations of the FPGA logic block pins are shown to the right.
On 23 July 1881 Chile and Argentina signed a Boundary Treaty and put an end to Peruvian hopes that Argentina would enter the war.
Operation Rainbow was an operation launched by the Syrian Army, supported by Hezbollah and other allied militias, during the Syrian Civil War, following a successful operation which led to the military encircling Aleppo from the east side and reaching the city's northern approach. The aim of the operation, as the previous one, was to encircle Aleppo and cut rebel supply lines into the city, thus besieging rebel-held areas.
Michael Terry McDermott (died April 15, 2013), better known as Michael Tarry was a popular singer in the 1970s, successful in Canada. Born in Manchester, England and came to Canada in 1958. In 1969 he signed with Columbia Records.  Known for his hit "Rosalie" in 1973. He died on April 15, 2013.  
A March 2, 2015, New York Times article broke the story that the Benghazi panel had discovered that Clinton exclusively used her own private email server rather than a government-issued one throughout her time as Secretary of State, and that her aides took no action to preserve emails sent or received from her personal accounts as required by law. At that point, Clinton announced that she had asked the State Department to release her emails.  Some in the media labeled the controversy "emailgate".
Sitel 3 is a satellite television channel in Macedonia. Its sister channels are Sitel and Sitel 2.
Boswell was born in 1742. His father, John Boswell of Balmuto, who was the younger brother of James Boswell of Auchinleck, and a writer of the signet in Edinburgh, died when Claud was an infant. At the early age of six he was sent to Mr. Barclay's school at Dalkeith. After finishing his education at Edinburgh University, he was admitted a member of the faculty of advocates on 2 August 1766. On 25 March 1780 he was appointed sheriff depute of Fife and Kinross, and, after serving this office for nineteen years was, upon the death of James Burnett, Lord Monboddo, appointed an ordinary lord of session, and took his seat upon the bench with the title of Lord Balmuto on 21 June 1799. After nearly twenty-three years of judicial work he resigned in January 1822, and was succeeded by William Erskine, Lord Kinneder. The death, under his own roof, of his kinsman, Sir Sir Alexander Boswell, from the effects of a wound received by him in the duel with James Stuart of Dunearn, gave him a shock from which he never entirely recovered. He died at Balmuto on 22 July 1824, in his eighty-third year. He was a robust and athletic man, with black hair and beetling eyebrows. His manner was boisterous and his temper passionate. Though fond of joking, a habit he sometimes indulged in on the bench, he was not particularly keen in the perception of wit in others. In 1783 he married Anne Irvine, who, by the death of her brother and grandfather, became the heiress of Kingcussie, and by whom he left one son and two daughters. Two etchings of him will be found in Kay, Nos. 262 and 300.
Despite the loss of the demonstrator, the company decided to proceed with the Hawk 200; by 1987, the first pre-production samples were being manufactured. In 1990, the Hawk 200 received its first order when Oman opted to procure a batch of twelve Hawk 203s, all of which were delivered by 1993.
In 1989, while nursing an injury in Taipei, Taiwan, where his father took over the Chinese Taipei national badminton team a year prior, Sze Yu was invited by Liu Li-li, a television director, to participate in her TV drama Wanjun, written by the creator Chiung Yao. Liu was taking a team from Chinese Television System to Beijing to create the first-ever Taiwanese TV drama filmed in mainland China. Under the encouragement of his mother, a Beijing native, Sze took on the supporting role of Zhou Shuhao. The series proved massively popular throughout the Chinese-speaking world, and Sze, after winning the Australian International in the same year, decided to retire to pursue an acting career.
Lloyd was elder son of the Rev. Thomas Davies Lloyd, who was the Vicar of Cricklewood and Mrs Margaret Lloyd. He was educated at Winchester and Exeter College, Oxford where he received a BA in Modern History in 1924. While at Oxford he was a member of the Library Committee of the Oxford Union Society. In 1938 he married Naomi Bancroft. They had one son and one daughter. 
The only major Russian author to praise the poem was Maxim Gorky. B.Yurkovsky, who knew Gorky and his family well, has left such an entry in his diary: "Alexey Maximovich has gone totally mad about Mayakovsky lately; he considers him to be Russia's biggest poet of today, certainly the most gifted one. His Backbone Flute poem he is just raving about. Never tired of praising Mayakovsky's grandiosity and uniqueness, speaks of how there's no more Futurism now as such, only Mayakovsky stands alone, Russia's greatest poet." "This indeed is... the very essence of the Universal poetry, a lyric of the world's spinal chord," Gorky reportedly said, commenting on the poem's title.
With the intent to provide consumers with fresh, clean and hygienic packed chicken, Suguna has set up a chain of modern retail outlets.
An art gallery owner (Amy Adams) is haunted by her ex-husband's (Jake Gyllenhaal) novel, a violent thriller she interprets as a veiled threat and a symbolic revenge tale.
one pinch of salt.
Mountain Lake Run begins near Mountain Lake in Scranton. It flows downhill to the Mattes Community Center and eventually enters a culvert near river mile 1 and remains in a culvert system for much of the remainder of its length. On the other side of Interstate 81, it turns southwest for several tenths of a mile and crosses a number of streets before turning northwest. A short distance further downstream, it reaches its confluence with Stafford Meadow Brook.
Availability management addresses the ability of an IT component to perform at an agreed level over a period of time.
Bishop-Cash attended Mary Immaculate School in Annerley, Queensland.
Dunham grew up in Albion, IL- a town in the southern part of Illinois. Dunham received his B.A. degree from Portland State College in 1962 and his PhD from the University of Southern California in 1966. He studied at USC with Dr. J.P. Guilford. In his doctorate, Dunham and Guilford worked with the concept of intelligence, and developing factor structures that compose this construct. Dunham accepted a position as a faculty member with University of Texas, Austin in Educational Psychology. At the University of Texas, Dunham ran a computer-assisted instruction laboratory and continued studying how we learn concepts.
Warren, Patricia. ''British Film Studios: An Illustrated History''. Batsford, 2001.
James Reardon was a British stage and film actor of the silent era. He also directed several films including The Glad Eye (1921).
The arts and culture of Maryland are somewhat varied and spread among different places.  Silver Spring has the American Film Institute and The Filmore is within the central offices of Discovery Communications. The Strathmore, a cultural and artistic institution, is located in North Bethesda; it was founded in 1981 and consists of two venues: the Mansion and the Music Center.
Also more complex tests such as serial communications with ASIC that require write and/or read to and from register can be implemented using UTSL.
The only way that Bernard could know the date with a single number, however, would be if Cheryl had told him 18 or 19, since of the ten date options only these numbers appear once, as May 19 and June 18.
The rug on the floor of the Edward Hall Library in the First Parish in Cambridge was "given in memory of Miss Mary Lee Ware, a first cousin of Rev. Edward Hall," who presided as Minister from 1882 to 1893.
The Ophites accepted the existence of these seven archons (Origen, Contra Celsum, vi. 31; a nearly identical list is given in On the Origin of the World):
Wojciech Zaleski died on October 23, 1961 in Madrid, and was buried there.
Basic reading instruction was available to the common people through Protestant Sunday Schools even before free public schooling was widely available in London. Those who could not afford formal education could at least gain rudimentary literacy skills by attending these church-sponsored classes.
On 1400 on 23 August 1945 a new convoy VKMA-2 departed from Vladivostok to the port of Maoka, which transported the 342nd Rifle Division and 215th Artillery Brigade of the 87th Rifle Corps, arriving at 1425 on 26 August 1945 at the port.
The cycle of etchings begins at a skating rink in Berlin where Klinger himself is in the etching and admires a young woman. As the story goes on, people are skating and the young woman happens to drop her glove. Klinger swoops in to pick it up, losing his hat in the process. The glove becomes a fetish item and possesses a power over Klinger. Then the story starts to change into imaginative dimensions in which the intimate and potently sexualized object triggers a series of elaborate visions of longing and loss, conveyed through hallucinatory distortions of scale and jarring juxtapositions. The glove torments Klinger because he doesn't return it to the woman and keeps it to himself. Klinger gives the glove personality in the etchings. The glove will get away from Klinger multiple times in different scenes where he struggles to get it back. It also gives Klinger nightmares in the etching Anxieties, in the style of Goya. The glove eventually gets stolen from him in the night by a dreamlike creature in Abduction. In the last etching, Cupid, the viewer sees the glove lying on a table with Cupid sitting next to it.
Although the crater created in Hooge by the British mine on 19 July 1915 was filled in after the war as untenable and the repository of hundreds of bodies, several other large mine craters that were created over the course of the fighting can still be seen. The most visible evidence remaining today is a large pond near the hotel and restaurant at the Bellewaerde theme park. The site is the result of work overseen by Baron de Wynck, who landscaped three mine craters (blown by German units in June 1916 as part of their offensive against Canadian troops) into the existing pond near the hotel (image). Further craters can be found in and around Hooge, Bellewaerde Ridge and Railway Wood.
The regiment lost a total of 237 men during service; 7 officers and 70 enlisted men killed or mortally wounded, and 160 enlisted men died of disease.
 Umaru Abdullahi, CON (born November 30, 1939) is a Nigerian Jurist and former President of the Nigerian courts of appeals.
The materials in the archive can be used for a range of purposes. In addition to building the collection, the second stage of developing the archive focuses on engaging with communities, schools, and researchers. This stage aims to find ways of tailoring collections for local use, such as in literacy and language learning, as well as expanding and improving the collection with community involvement, for example through contributions of new or audio-recorded versions of stories. It also aims to find ways archived materials can be used for classroom activities, for example on traditional knowledge, and seeks to connect students and academics with language authorities for collaborative work.
O'Brien, Mary-Elizabeth. ''Nazi Cinema as Enchantment: The Politics of Entertainment in the Third Reich''. Camden House, 2006.
Phil McSpadden is an American softball coach. With a record of 1,475-359, he has more wins than any other coach in the history of college softball. He led the Oklahoma City University softbal team to eight NAIA national titles in 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 2000, 2001, 2002 and 2007. He was inducted into the National Fastpitch Coaches Association Hall of Fame in 2014.
Darlene Compton is a Canadian politician, who was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island in the 2015 provincial election. She will represent the electoral district of Belfast-Murray River as a member of the Progressive Conservative Party.
Wang Zhonghua (born 14 April 1965) is a Chinese sport shooter who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Gonzalez was later a coach at Indian River High School in Chesapeake, Virginia.
At local level, the state is divided into local government areas. There are 23 LGAs that handle local administration under an elected Chairman or Mayor. Each of the local government areas has its own administrative seat and is further split into wards. Council elections are organized through the Rivers State Independent Electoral Commission.
Smilax pulverulenta, the downy carrionflower, is a North American species of plants native to the eastern and central United States. The plant is fairly common in the Ozarks, the Appalachians, and the Mid-Atlantic States, with isolated populations in Rhode Island, Minnesota, and Nebraska.
Each team commonly consists of two three, or more individuals.  Ranch rodeo teams usually have four members. 
The topography in Arunachal Pradesh is characterized mainly by an undulating hilly terrain but a number of rivers also flow through the state. Dibang ,Kamla, Kameng,Kamplang, Lohit,Noa-Dihing,Siang,Siyum,Subansiri and Tirap are some of the major rivers draining the area.
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a particular class of cultural places.
Ghost Notes is the fifth full-length studio album by American rock band Veruca Salt, released on July 10, 2015, through El Camino Records. Produced by Brad Wood, who also produced the band's debut American Thighs, it is the first to feature the band's original lineup since their second album, Eight Arms to Hold You (1997).
DDHA., the seven virtues of the family;
Hopper received his commission in 1969 upon graduating from the U.S. Air Force Academy. He has flown in combat in Vietnam and as Commander of the 1660th Tactical Airlift Wing (Provisional) in Southwest Asia during Operation Desert Storm. He also served as the Commandant of Cadets at the U.S. Air Force Academy, and on the Joint Staff at the Pentagon. He is a command pilot with more than 4,000 flying hours in 11 different aircraft.
The water tower (R28) is a fine example of a utilitarian structure designed using classically derived motifs. The water tower (R28) and tank stand (R29) are a landmark on the site.
The paintings make use of intensely bright colors, most often to delineate shapes against the generally darker background colors. For example, a strange claw-like shape is outlined in a very hot yellow-orange against a purple background, so that the figure glows against its ground. 
In March 2008, the Pentagon released its study of some 600,000 documents captured in Iraq after the 2003 invasion (see 2008 Pentagon Report). The study "found no 'smoking gun' (i.e., direct connection) between Saddam's Iraq and al Qaeda." Among the documents released by the Pentagon was a captured audio file of Saddam Hussein speculating that the 1993 attack on the World Trade Center had been carried out by Israel or American intelligence, or perhaps a Saudi or Egyptian faction. Saddam said that he did not trust the bomber Yasin, who was in Iraqi custody, because his testimony was too "organized." The Pentagon study found that Yasin "was a prisoner, and not a guest, in Iraq." Mylroie denied that this was proof of Saddam's non-involvement, claiming that "one common purpose of such meetings was to develop cover stories for whatever Iraq sought to conceal."
In 1939 she moved to Moscow.   Around this time, or possibly some years earlier, she married Heinz Wieland (1907-1980), a fellow communist who had spent much of 1933 held in "protective custody" in Nazi Germany, and who subsequently, like her, had taken part in the Spanish Civil War.   Deba Wieland worked as a translator and teacher at the sanitorium at Peredelkino which the Soviets had set up for Spanish Civil War veterans, and where Heinz Wieland was convalescing from serious wounds incurred in the fighting.  Following the conclusion of a non-aggression pact between Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, Latvia where she had spent much of her childhood fell under Soviet control, and in June 1941 Wieland returned to Riga.   Later that month relations between the two dictatorships abruptly broke down when Germany launched a vast military assault against the Soviet Union:  towards the end of 1941 Wieland was evacuated with her invalid husband to Osh in what at that time was the Kirghiz Soviet Socialist Republic.   They remained in the Soviet Union till 1946.
Topological models for GLP were studied by Beklemishev, Bezhanishvili, Icard and Gabelaia,.
Hippolyte Ferrat (1822-1882) was a French sculptor from Aix-en-Provence. He specialised in busts. He designed public sculptures in Provence as well as busts for private collections and city halls. His work can be found in museums in Europe and the United States.
Off-season changes began in late June at the 2015 NHL Entry Draft. Due to the Canucks having three goaltenders requiring waivers, goaltender Eddie Lack was traded to the Carolina Hurricanes (for a third-round pick at the draft and a seventh-round pick in 2016) to make room on the roster for Jacob Markstrom. This trade was disliked as fans saw the two draft picks as very little compensation for Lack. The Canucks would draft seven players at the draft. A few days later, long-time Canucks defenceman Kevin Bieksa was traded to the Anaheim Ducks in exchange for a second-round pick in 2016.
It prefers average moisture needs during the growing period.
The cards may have multiple "sides", called fields. The user defines what fields and in which order are used in the cards. The application automatically generates cards for different directions, e.g. from English language to French and in reversed order.
There are six Peruvian lighthouses that aid navigation on the lake.
Grenada left Rio de Janeiro with an Olympic silver medal won by James in the men's 400 metres, unable to defend his title from the previous Games.
Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa, Wellington, New Zealand.
Sima died in Vienna on 27 April 2016, aged 61, from undisclosed causes.
Meredith and Callie are sitting at the bar doing shots. Callie explains what she's doing with Arizona. Meredith says it's exactly what she's doing with Derek, only healthy. They make fun of their spouses. Callie wonders if Sofia will be a legacy cheater because both of the people she's been married to have cheated on her. Meredith says Cristina was the third rail in her marriage. She asks if it's possible that her own true love in life was a girl. They sing about vaginas. Callie says it's a pretty word and people should say it more. Then she says she misses sex. They do another shot together.
An ordinary highschool girl starts a revolution in her school with a talented speechwriter's assistance.
Michel Hamaide was born on September 3, 1936 in Paris, France.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows.
The 2013 All-Ireland Intermediate Hurling Championship was the 30th staging of the All-Ireland hurling championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1961. The championship began on 2 June 2013 and ended on 31 August 2013.
After the Gandersheim Abbey had been destroyed by fire in 973 it was rebuilt and supposed to be consecrated in autumn 1000 again. Meanwhile, Sophia undertook the tasks of the abbess of Gandersheim. She wanted Willigis to consecrate the new abbey but Bernward was convinced, that the consecration of the abbey fell into his area of responsibility. Sophia only involved Willigis into the planning of the ceremony. She sent Bernward an invitation to the 14 September 1000 and Bernward accepted the date. Later Willigis rescheduled the date to the 21 September 1000, but Bernward had other commitments. He appeared in Gandersheim on the original date but the ceremony had not been prepared. So he hold a holy mass and lamented that Sophia denied him the right to consecrate the abbey. He left Gandersheim without consecrating. One week later Willigis appeared in Gandersheim. Bernward did not come due to his other commitments, so Willigis demanded for him being present the next day, otherwise he wanted to consecrate the abbey by himself. Eggehard of Schleswig, the representative of Bernward, prevented the consecration by Willigis. Willigis convened a synod in Gandersheim, where Bernward did also not appear. He was already on the way to Rome to tell the pope and king Otto III. about the happenings in Gandersheim. He reached Rome on the 4 January 1001, just two days later, a legate of Eggehard appeared and reported the arguments at the Gandersheim synod. Both, the pope and the king, were angry about the happenings and wrote a letter to Willigis in which they demanded him to hand off the rights about Gandersheim. Willigis did not react to the letter and still hindered Bernward from doing his official duties. Many more synods were necessary to solve the conflict. Unfortunately the king died a few days before the synod of Rome. Therefore, Otto III. was not able to solve the Gandersheim conflict.
months each for unstated reasons.
IAC Care: Volunteering opportunities, activities and events that aim to foster a culture of giving and volunteerism in the Israeli-American community.
Jim Justice made several high-profile additions to The Greenbrier. He convinced the PGA Tour to hold an event at The Greenbrier, and the New Orleans Saints to hold training camp to there. He also added a casino. 
He presented a keynote conference address on Utilizing Military Veterans to add value to developmental initiatives in Rural and Semi-Urban Areas on 6 May 2014 at Observer Research Foundation.
Mychaljo "Mike" Czuczman (born 27 May 1953) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender in the Football League for Grimsby Town, Scunthorpe United, Stockport County and York City, in non-League football for Skegness Town and Boston United, in the North American Soccer League for San Jose Earthquakes, and was on the books of Preston North End and Hull City without making a league appearance.
2008: HPI are acquired by Solera Ltd.
This is a list of justice ministers of Tunisia.
Sherman was born on November 30, 1836 in Ann Arbor, Michigan. he later moved to Beaver Dam, Wisconsin.
The palace was constructed likely by the 13th-century in Venetian Byzantine style by the old aristocratic Sanudo family, and remained in possession of the family till 1852, when it was sold to Angelo Revedin.
Despite the interest in documenting handcraft traditions, no complete pieces from before the 1960s remain. Although not as popular as other handcraft traditions, basketry can be found all over Mexico, especially in indigenous communities in Oaxaca, Chiapas and Veracruz, with many created for collectors. However, a number of basketry items are still make for local use, such as a cradle used by indigenous women in the Sierra Norte of Puebla, and pieces created for ceremonies in various parts of Mexico, such as special baskets created by the Seri in Sonora and the Nahuas in the Huasteca region for Day of the Dead.
The Pending Meal initiative, defined by the founder Sarah Rizvi, refers to the concept of people paying in advance to any restaurant or a food joint for a meal that is then provided to anyone in need. The community initiative became live on social media in April 2015 and has been gaining popularity since. Once the news of the initiative started to spread, many local restaurants were willing to tie up and provide their support too. People have appreciated the concept and a lot of them have shared their stories of doing Pending Meal not just in Dubai, but in Sharjah, Abu Dhabi, Ras Al Khaimah etc. Experiences have also been shared by people from U.S.A, Canada, Sri Lanka, India and Pakistan as well.
The decision was met with opposition from domestic and international actors alike. 
Koper had first worked with director James Bruce four years earlier, collaborating on a dozen dramatic crime reenactments for Fox Television's America's Most Wanted, where Koper was a staff writer and producer.
After the game, sports writer Harry Bullion wrote in the Detroit Free Press:  "M.A.C.'s defeat is nothing for her to be ashamed of.  It simply was a case of a better-conditioned and smarter eleven overpowering another that, though it lacked nothing in the way of fight that its enemy possessed, failed to cope with the superior knowledge of the game that was Michigan's by right of judgment and the attending conditions."
Sunit Khatau was an Indian industrialist and chairman of the Khatau Fabrics Group. He was shot dead in Mumbai by gangsters on 7 May 1994 over dispute about sale of land of the mill.   
As part of David's push for municipal budget stability, his first budget included a 0.48 percent residential property tax increase, the second-lowest increase in 17 years.
The five-power committee drafted a report admitting its efforts at mediation in the Abyssinia Crisis had failed and turned the matter back over to the League.
Kancel, a big mobster, kidnaps Square, head of the BRB (Banditry Repression Brigade) to know the name of the informer who had allowed the police to arrest him three years ago.
Filming for the rest of the season commenced on July 18, 2012 and finalized on April 18, 2013.
Robert Taylor was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma, in 1951 and lived there his entire life, other than his time in the Navy starting in 1970. Some of Taylor's earliest inspiration came from his family. His maternal grandfather exposed him to Native traditions by taking him to powwows and his maternal uncle was a well-known wildlife painter. Taylor graduated from Will Rogers High School in 1969, where he played baseball and football. He went on a sports scholarship to Central Missouri State in Warrensburg, Missouri for a short time until he was injured during the first semester. He dropped out of Central Missouri State to transfer to the University of Tulsa but was drafted before he completed the move. Taylor was in the Navy from 1970 to 1972. 
Since then, Dolce has been the weight-cut coach to many UFC athletes such as Johny Hendricks, Ronda Rousey, Gilbert Melendez, Vitor Belfort, Thiago Alves, Chael Sonnen, Mirsad Bektic, Nik Lentz, Duane Ludwig, Michael Bisping, Antonio Silva and Jake Ellenberger, helping them shed significant pounds before their fight. 
In the Kyrgyz language as noted by an 1899 Danish expedition, the "apparatus for striking fire is called Chakmak. It is possible that flint is found by this lake of Chakmaktinkul and that the name may arise therefrom in relation to the striking of fire from flint".
1965 La Ch'alla. Buenos Aires: Editorial Papeles de Buenos Aires.
The expedition collected 121 fish specimens from 7 locations, most of them in New Guniea; there were 67 species, one of which was new with an allegedly new genus. Fowler named the new species Charisella fredericki but contemporary research rejects the alleged genus Charisella in favor of Melanotaenia. On the island of Biak, Ripley collected 3 specimens of a new subspecies of flying phalanger.
Nicaragua is scheduled to compete at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships in Kazan, Russia from 24 July to 9 August 2015.
Cannetti made his official UFC debut on November 15, 2014 at UFC 180, facing fellow The Ultimate Fighter: Latin America castmate Henry Briones. He lost the fight via second-round submission. 
Firefox Home was a previous project for a companion app for the iPhone and iPod Touch based on the Firefox Sync technology. It allowed users of either device to access their Firefox browsing history, bookmarks, and recent tabs. It also included Firefox's "Awesomebar" location bar. Firefox Home is not a browser; the application launches pages in either a Webkit Web viewer or in Safari. Mozilla pulled Firefox Home from the App Store in September 2012, stating it would focus its resources on other projects. The company subsequently released the source code of Firefox Home's underlying synchronization software.
Richard "Richie" Reid (born 4 April 1993) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a goalkeeper for the Kilkenny senior team.
The 1991 Liberty Bowl was a college football postseason bowl game between the Mississippi State Bulldogs football and the Air Force Falcons.
The tournament was won by Rut Western Province for the 19th time.
Below is a working list of the books which will be released as part of the collection. They may change and are different to the line ups of other countries who share the collection. The information is sourced from an email to their customer services department.
Sidney Slon had moved to New York, and was writing for CBS and NBC radio shows in the late 1930s.  He was enlisted to work as part of the war effort for the Office of War Information, OWI, in their broadcast division.  Under the direction of John Houseman, he produced programs that were broadcast in many languages for the overseas market.  This was the very beginning of what later became 'The Voice of America'.  He met Jean MacInnis, they fell in love, and were married in 1947.
Edward Mashinya (born February 22, 1984 in Harare, Zimbabwe) is a Zimbabwean football player who plays for Olympiakos Nicosia in the Cypriot Second Division as a striker.
Kaz (Bradley Steven Perry) is Oliver's best friend. He is lazy in school and, while devoted to Oliver, he will often try to get away with a shortcut that ends up getting both him and Oliver into trouble. While he seems stupid sometimes, he can unexpectedly come up with a smart solution to a problem.
1Home teams are listed on the left and the away teams along the top.
3. Balurghat Howrah bi-weekly Express (Departure 8:30pm every Monday and Tuesday)
Lord Balaji. it is covered with seven lakes by which the nature of this village looks beautiful.
The film centres on a family whose patriarch committed suicide in 1978, and explores the continuing emotional impact of his death on his now-adult son David (Maxim Gaudette) and David's daughter Laurence (Karelle Tremblay).
have represented their countries at the FIFA World Cup.
Latario Collie-Minns (born 10 March 1994 in Nassau) is a triple jumper from the Bahamas. He competed at the 2015 World Championships in Beijing without qualifying for the final. He has a twin brother, Lathone, who also competes in the triple jump.
Longest word in Croatian language is prijestolonasljednikovica which means wife of a throne successor.
Hans Tetzner had an elder brother Max; they competed alongside both in football and speed skating. Hans also played tennis, once reaching the semifinals of the Dutch national doubles championships. He later became a prominent surgeon and served as a doctor for the football club AFC Ajax and for the 1936 Dutch Olympic cycling team. In the 1960s he was a regular guest at the television show Wie van de Drie?
Sokhibov started playing in Pakhtakor since 2013. In 2013 he played only in 2 matches for Pakhtakor in League matches. He made his debut in the League on 30 June 2013 in the Tashkent derby match against Bunyodkor, coming on in the 81st minute.
After a career in academia, Minard began clinical practice at U.S. Steel in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and at the Easton Memorial Hospital in Maryland. He retired in 1980.
Mills trained at the prestigious Western Australian Academy of Performing Arts.
The union drastically shifted ideological direction throughout its history. In the 1940s, it had a significant communist influence, with high-profile figures like Jack Hughes holding key union offices. 
He was featured on Jay-Z's debut, Reasonable Doubt, on the DJ Premier-produced "Bring it On", on In My Lifetime, Vol. 1, on the track "Face Off", and on Jay-Z's third album, Vol. 2... Hard Knock Life, on the track "Reservoir Dogs" with The LOX and Beanie Sigel.
Yol Aularong was a Cambodian garage rock musician in the 1960s and 1970s. He is presumed to have been killed during the Cambodian Genocide that took place under the Khmer Rouge between 1975 and 1979.
A team of homicide detectives, led by the veteran head of the department Lt. Ben Carroll (Lee Horsley), work cases in an unnamed big city. Carroll's team is made up of Det. Ryan Walker (George Clooney), a talented detective with a propensity to get too emotionally invested in his cases; Det. Nora Houghton, a rookie detective unsure of her skills; and Houghton's partner, Det. Will Stratton, a jaded veteran detective close to retirement. They are assisted in their cases by the department's forensics specialist, Lemar Samuels (Leslie Jordan). The series also attempts to highlight how the homicide detectives' work life impacts their personal lives.
The 2015 Bowl Series was the site of the SCRC championship game between Tennessee and South Carolina. Tennessee won the game with a dramatic last-minute try to secure the 23-22 victory.
Epicoccum nigrum has a wide array of medical, industrial, and agricultural applications. It produces a variety of pigmented and non-pigmented antifungal and antibacterial compounds. These antimicrobial compounds are effective against other fungi and bacteria present in soil. Flavipin, and epirodins A and B are pigmented antifungal agents; non-pigmented compounds include epicorazines A and B. Endophytic fungi such as E. nigrum are being explored as alternative sources of antibiotics to treat important resistant infections. Polysaccharide antioxidants are also produced by E. nigrum. Epicocconone is a fluorescent pigment unique to E. nigrum. Epicocconone is valuable in terms of its ability to pigment cells orange, which then fluoresce red without impacting cell structure or function.
Awadh married Dalila Juma on April 14, 1960. They live in Kilifi, Mombasa and lead a simple life away from the public eye. He is an extremely reclusive billionaire, who does not like to be involved in politics. His family is known to be very philanthropic. Although they do not disclose their charitable work, they have been known to donate much of their wealth for feeding programs and land settlements of displaced peoples.
In 1948, he graduated from the Tashkent Tank School and served in the Central Group of Forces. He died on 18 February 1952, a result of his war wounds. Yunev was buried in Vienna.
Syncopacma karvoneni is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Hackman in 1950. It is found in Switzerland, Fennoscandia and northern Russia.
In the summer of 2015, Spencer performed at the annual Hard Rock Rising Barcelona Global musical festival opening up for noble artists: Robbie Williams, Kings of Leon, Juanes, Lenny Kravitz, Avicii and Steve Angello.  The weekend-long event took place at the Platja del Forum (Parc de la Pau, s/n. Sant Adria de Besos, Barcelona) on July 24 and 25, 2015.  Spencer provided a sneak peek to some of his new music along with compilation songs from The Beatles, Come Together and Darkness I believe in a Thing Called Love.
The Russian First Division 1999 was the eighth edition of the Russian First Division.
The O'Kane-Jacobs House is a historic house on Rossville Road in Altus, Arkansas.  It is a single story wood frame structure, with a single pile and an original ell extending to the west.  It has a cross-gable roof and weatherboard siding.  Its front is sheltered by a recessed porch supported by round columns, with a distinctive latticework frieze.  Built in 1881 by Francis Paine, it was purchased in 1891 by Colonel W. S. O'Kane, a prominent local businessman who owned orchards and a fruit shipping business.
Michael Anthony Washington II  (born October 18, 1990) is an American football wide receiver who is currently a free agent. He was originally signed as an undrafted free agent by the Indianapolis Colts in 2014. He played college football at Appalachian State.
Herman A. Hoyt (1909-2000) was an American biblical scholar. He was one of the founding professors at Grace Theological Seminary in 1937. In 1962, he became president of Grace College and Seminary, a position he held until his retirement in 1976. His area of specialty was New Testament and Greek, but over the years he taught Hebrew, Old Testament, theology, and homiletics. A prolific writer, his work included major expositions of the books of Romans, Hebrews, and Revelation, along with Brethren ordinances and beliefs and eschatology.
State firearm death rates, 2013. Rate per 100,000 population. Age-adjusted death rates. United States: 10.4
He served Bristol City as Commercial Director (2001-2005) before joining Somerset County Cricket Club as chief executive (2005-2011). He replaced the long serving Paul Sheldon at the Oval in 2011 as Surrey chief executive.
The Theodore Jellison House, also known locally as the Stone House, is a historic house on River Road in eastern Calais, Maine.  Built in 1825, it is one of the oldest surviving residences in the town, and an impressive local example of granite construction.  Theodore Jellison, its builder, was a local owner of granite quarries.  The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
In addition to the 51 councillors the council consisted of 17 county aldermen. Aldermen were elected by the council, and served a six-year term. Following the elections the following nine aldermen were elected (with the number of votes in each case).
Thomas and Elizabeth had thirteen children, including Sir Walter Hendley, 1st Baronet and John Hendley (1617-1676), who became the father of Bowyer Hendley.
Cheltenham Township is a home rule township bordering North Philadelphia in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, United States. Cheltenham's population is very diverse with over 80 races and ethnic cultures represented in a population density ranging from over 10,000 per square mile in rowhouses and high-rise apartments along Cheltenham Avenue to historic homes and neighborhoods in Wyncote and Elkins Park. It is the most densely populated township in Montgomery County. The population was 36,793 at the 2010 U.S. Census, making it the third most populous township in Montgomery County and the 27th most populous municipality in Pennsylvania. It was originally part of Philadelphia County, and it became part of Montgomery County upon that county's creation in 1784.
The bronze is in turn covered with unusually pure gold leaf, with embedded coral decorations attached using silver rivets.
the end of a fanciful quadrille on the stage of a Montmartre cafe-concert: a spectator, half show-off, half randy investigator, who smells, one might say, with an eminently uplifted nose; an orchestra leader with hieratic gesture, seen from the back; some hands on a flute; and, with partners having serpentine suit tails, two young dancers in evening dress, skirts flying up, thin legs distinctly elevatory, with laughs on upraised lips, and provocative noses. On these working-class parisiennes de faubourgs, Georges Seurat, the painter of these delicacies, nonetheless confers the nearly sacred character of priestesses accomplishing rites... All his paintings offer little more than ascending lines (above the perpendicular meant to write "horizontal"), which, in M. Charles Henry's system, are encharged with expressing gaiety; do they express it?
The 25-minute special was created and written by Stan and Jan Berenstain and featured original music composed and conducted by Emmy-winning musician Elliot Lawrence, with lyrics provided by Stan Berenstain. The score included three original songs: "Thankfulness," "Bigpaw," and "A Stranger's Just Somebody (You Don't Already Know)."
In November 2014, his song for the movie Chang Trai Nam Ay, Chac Ai Do Se Ve ("Someone will come back") also was alleged to infringe the copyright of Jung Yong-hwa's song, Because I Miss You. This allegation only ended when FNC Entertainment, Jung Yong-hwa's record label,  informed that they considered the similarities between two songs but found no copyright infringements.
Francisque Gay became active in the French Resistance, using the Lyon and Paris premises of his publishing house as a base. He helped publish the clandestine reviews La France continue and Les cahiers politiques.
Criticism of Parker's own practices start with her qualifying remarks in the preface, presenting the tales as one's heard by 'piccaninnies' and translated merely for the enjoyment of 'English children'. Most of the contemporary reviews focus on the authority of Lang, though a review in Athenaeum praised the translation of Parker. A review in the Sydney Morning Herald agreed with Parker's belief that this was the first work in Australian literature to compile the legends of a particular group and exploit this as a folk-lore study. Later critics have reviewed the methods Parker outlined in her works more favourably; while they are practices that would later be regarded as unacceptable, they are at least as good or better than other collectors of the time. Parker had associated with Aboriginal Australians since her childhood on a station and continued to do so when she resided at a station near the Narran River in New South Wales. Later commentators noted Parker's familiarity and sympathy with the people, her thoroughness in collating word lists and translations make these Tales important in understanding the original tellers.
Vol 5 Part 9. Coleoptera. F. D. Buck
Gan's mother was supportive of Gan's business and registered his first company; Gan was only 17 and the legal age then to register a company was 21. 
The monuments manifest a unique documentary record and are demonstrative of popular taste in the inter-war period.
St. Marien is a three-aisled hall church without a transept. The main aisle is three bays long. The bays in the central nave are slightly rectangular. Both side aisles are four bays deep, these having a slight oblong shape. The central nave is separated from the side aisles by archways consisting of large compound piers. The extension of the side aisles by one bay each enables the inclusion of the western tower in the interior architecture. On the eastern side, the nearly-quadratic hall is appended by the polygon-shaped basilican chancel. Attached to the chancel on the north side is the quadratic sacristy, covering four bays. This has four arches, all buttressed by one central compound pier. The Gothic hall is overlaid by ribbed vaults. The nave is 20.56 metres long in total, which represents only a slight difference from the length and width measurements (roughly 25.5 and 24.5 metres respectively). This gives the nave an almost-cubical shape. The central nave is only slightly wider than the side aisles. This results in merely a weak accentuation of the longitudinal axis of the church. The bays of the side aisles counteract this slight longitudinal alignment by opening up their broadsides to the central nave, thus emphasising the lateral alignment. This gives the impression of undirected space. St. Marien is thus characterised by the overall appearance of its nave.
Numbers in parentheses next to the player's name denotes his century number at the stadium.
In 1996, at the age of 51, Morley took early retirement to complete a PhD about his first love: castles.
A permanent leader will be chosen prior to the next election.
The palace was divided into three parts in 1922. The wing facing St. Christopher Street was demolished to make way for apartments, while the other two wings were used as private houses or offices. Lombard Bank acquired the wing facing Republic Street in the 1970s, and converted it into their head office. The wing facing St. Frederick Street was also acquired by Lombard Bank in the 2000s. It has since been restored and renovated.
As a missionary of the Northern Evangelical Lutheran Church, Krogh was one of the Editors of the weekly, Pera Hoor published since 1922 in Santali language.
By the reform of 1741, Uppenbar kyrkoplikt was abolished for sex outside of marriage. All sexual acts outside of marriage were formally illegal, but as an illegal sexual act was normally only exposed when it resulted in pregnancy, and the male party could deny having engaged in the act while the participation of the pregnant female in the act was undeniable, the Uppenbar kyrkoplikt was in practice mostly used upon unmarried mothers.  This was viewed as a problem in the Riksdag of the Estates, because the social stigma caused by the Uppenbar kyrkoplikt way of exposing the women, who felt themselves socially branded, was found to be a significant cause of infanticide performed by unmarried women desperate to do anything to avoid having their reputation ruined by the shame, and despite opposition from the clergy, Uppenbar kyrkoplikt was abolished for sexual crimes in an attempt to prevent infanticide. This reform was followed by the Barnamordsplakatet in 1778.
The squad was announced on 3 November 2015. On 24 November 2015, Edijana Dafe pulled out of the tournament due to pregnancy. On 3 December Marie Wall was officially announced as her replacement in the squad.
Local elections to Northumberland County Council, a county council in the north east of England, were held on 5 May 2005, resulting in a council with Labour members forming a majority.
A large fig tree, mango trees and other mature vegetation are located to the north-east of the platform.  There is no remaining evidence of the framed shelter constructed for the Vice-Regal visit.
Chimney sweeps are a popular ludic element and appear every year. Their task has been to smear people with soot (nowadays replaced by shoe polish). It is usually applied with a gloved or naked hand on the targeted person's face, or by pretending to shake hands. In recent years the chimney sweeps have also used whips made from short pieces of rope to whip the legs of the passers-by. These characters enliven the procession and chase the children.
The soundtrack of Bhaangarh was directed by Adeel Chaudhry and Aniket Kar.
Gola CD Block covers an area of 82,981.76 acres, out of which 18,650 acres is forest area.
At 16 he moved to Dumfies and Galloway and eventually became head professional. In 1900 he moved to Toronto and made the acquaintance of Stewart Gordon, the Honorary Secretary of Toronto Golf Club. Cumming was hired at age 21 as professional at the Toronto Golf Club and remained there for 50 years.
Job Harris moved to Willaston with his family and as a keen cricketer, was on the committee of the Gawler Cricket Club in 1861.
David, a defeated senatorial candidate in the 2013 midterm elections, filed his certificate of candidacy for President on October 12, 2015, running under Ang Kapatiran, which has participated in national elections since 2007. However, the certificate was canceled when he was declared a nuisance candidate by the Commission on Elections Second Division on December 9, 2015, and he will not be able to run.
The Philippines is an archipelago of 7,100 islands customarily enclosed by the lines demarcated by the Treaty of Paris in 1898 and the Convention Between the United States and Great Britain in 1930, which came to be known in the Philippines as its International Treaty Limits. The government of the Philippines has maintained its position that the waters enclosed by the demarcation lines in the said treaties form part of its territorial waters regardless of its breadth and dimension.
Chief of staff of the Intensive care unit. He highly respects Ray and invites him to work at the hospital putting in charge of the new intern nurses. He is also Ray's mentor and has Ray also secretly keep tabs of everyone in the Intensive care unit. He also consoled Ray and took him in when Ray's family died. He later has terminal lung cancer and eventually dies.
At the press conference for their concert, BTS explained the concept of their album. They stated: "Part one explained how youth is tiring and difficult, and it also touched on how we feel like we're always on edge. Part two will have a more adventurous and daring feel to it. That's why our title song is 'Run'." Rap Monster added: "We didn't want to just blankly say 'cheer up' or 'be strong'. We really wanted to comfort people our way, by producing the music and writing the lyrics ourselves. We poured our heart and soul into this amazing song".
In 1977, he took part in the Documenta VI, Kassel.
Hussain Khan taunted his fellow nobles from Delhi: "It is a hundred pities that 30,000 horsemen should have been defeated by so few Hindus."
In December 1946 Libertad was discharged from the Argentine Navy (decree 22.556) and in 1947 transferred to the Coast Guard, to be used as station ship for pilots in the River Plate. In 1968 the ship was discharged from the Argentine Coast Guard.
The place has a strong or special association with a particular community or cultural group for social, cultural or spiritual reasons.
Wendell L. Wylie (December 5, 1913 - February 19, 1966) was an American Orthodontist who served as a President of American Board of Orthodontics and the Chief Editor for The Angle Orthodontist Journal.
Harold M. Braithwaite is an Order of Ontario winning educator. He was promoted to director of education for the Peel District School Board in 1994.
I Like It When You Sleep, for You Are So Beautiful yet So Unaware of It is the second studio album by English rock band The 1975. It was released on 26 February 2016.
He recommends the Old People to bury their gold in the ground, collect all the gemstones and hide them inside Mount Azov. They begin gathering the nuggets and the gemstone and carrying them into Mount Azov, while the others are keeping guard on Dumnaya. Unfortunately the rumours about gold spreads, more and more Cossack bands came. The Old People come to the wounded Cossack for advice. He lies dying on top of Dumnaya, with the girl nearby. "There they took counsel for three days".
Phasma is depicted wearing salvaged chromium armor, which in The Force Awakens' visual dictionary is established as coming from a Naboo yacht once owned by Emperor Palpatine. It is said to serve "primarily as a symbol of past power". Christie recognised the character's helmet as both being futuristic and having medieval elements. Chris Laverty, creator of costume analysis site Clothes on Film, called her armor "probably the most regal costume" in The Force Awakens, and noted it as a reflection of her status. He also felt her cloak, "elegantly slung over one shoulder", was a method of humanizing the character. In-universe, the cloak is the "traditional cape of First Order command". Gill felt her armor called to mind mirrors, symbols of "self-reflection and self-examination", the feelings she brings in Finn when she inadvertently helps inspire him to defect.
It was later announced that the plans of constructing an asylum centre in the town had been scrapped, with the town council taking self-criticism for the speed of the decision process and the scale of the plans.
No platforms ever existed at any of the stopping places; passengers were expected to board and alight from the roadway or trackside cinders according to the location. The "stations" were much more commonly referred to as "halts" or "stopping places."
His debut as a TV producer came on the BBC series, Waiting for the Whistle, which aired on BBC Choice. For the series he directed the TV film The King and Us, which was written by Peter Bowker and starred Christopher Eccleston. The film covered the story of Denis Law's goal that relegated Manchester United from the First Division in 1974.
The Dell 0KWVT8 is a Micro-ATX motherboard utilized in several Dell products, including the Xps 8700 and XPS 8700 Special edition.
Below are the individuals appointed by Elizabeth II in her right as Queen of Antigua and Barbuda, on advice of her ministers in Antigua and Barbuda.
2009 - declined to '''Corrective Action II 3rd Year''', due to chronically low student achievement and failure to achieve Adequate Yearly Progress in reading and mathematics.
In 1889, building work started on St Patrick's Church on Rider Street. It was designed by John Kelly, who also designed All Saints' Church, Petersham, London, Sacred Heart Church, Teddington and St Patrick's Church, Soho Square. It was opened in 1891.
Raraju (English: King of the King) is a 2006 Telugu romance film produced by on S.S.P.Arts banner and directed by Uday Shankar. Starring Gopichand, Meera Jasmine, Ankitha in the lead roles and music composed by Mani Sharma. The film recorded as flop at box office.
''Synergy: New Science Fiction, Vol. 3'' (1989), later expanded as ''Iceborn''
The wingspan is 10-12 mm. The forewings are ochreous yellow, speckled with brown scales and with a dot in the cell and a discocellular spot, both brown. The hindwings are light ochreous.
The rivalry has contributed to the ongoing instability in Afghanistan. Afghanistan shares historical ties with Iran, and is strategically important to Saudi Arabia. After the Cold War, Saudi policy shifted from fighting the spread of communism to containing Iranian influence in South and Central Asia. Saudi Arabia was one of three countries to officially recognize the Sunni Taliban government in 1996 along with its allies Pakistan and the United Arab Emirates. In 2001, the invasion of Afghanistan and the removal of the Taliban in the wake of the September 11 attacks benefited Iran, who had previously been on the brink of war with the group. The regime change removed its primary threat along its eastern borders, and the removal of Saddam Hussein two years later further bolstered its position, allowing it to refocus its efforts on other areas of the Middle East like Syria and Yemen.
Glaurung and Hospital left the HotS team on December 24, 2015.
Quarter-Master and Honorary Lieutenant Leonard Charles Wade, Australian Instructional Corps, Instructor, Australian School of Artillery.
Andrew Stuart Hibberd, Senior Announcer, British Broadcasting Corporation.
Prostanoic acid (7-(1S,2S)-2-octylcyclopentylheptanoic acid) is a saturated fatty acid which contains a cyclopentane ring. Its derivatives are prostaglandins - physiologically active lipid substances. Prostanoic acid is not found in nature, but it can be synthesized in vitro.
1821 - Horse racing track opens.
Buzova was born January 20, 1986 in Leningrad, Russia. She is most known for appearing on the TV show ''Dom 2''.
Angela Berners-Wilson, the first woman ordained a priest in the Church of England, served as deaconess at Christ Church between 1979 and 1982.
Joseph Henry Phillips, Senior Unofficial Member of the Executive Council of the Colony of British Honduras.
The historian Beryl Smalley considered Robert to be a compiler as an author, and that he worked within a conservative framework for his scholarship.
Maj. Edward Gurth Wace, Royal Engineers
With the onset of war in Europe the United States began mobilizing its forces in 1940 which resulted in an expansion of personnel and funding for the School.  On 20 January 1942, a Research Department was formally established by the School Commandant Brig. Gen Eugen G. Reinartz MC with Maj. Harry G. Armstrong MC as the Director.  Included in this new research department were branches for physiology, psychology, psychiatry, biochemistry, biophysics, pharmacology, ophthalmology, clinical investigation, otolaryngology, pathology, statistics, physical education and dentistry.  An Aeromedical Library was newly established to support this research effort.  The new research building on Randolph Field was officially opened on 2 April 1943.
Toms Run was named in honor of Tom Kilbuck, a Native American chieftain.
FreeWill Sports Pvt Ltd was incorporated in 1934 in Sialkot by Nihal Chand Kharbanda. In 1962, Vijay Kharbanda joined his father in business and set up  Nivia Sports. The 1947 partition of the country saw the campany shift its base from Sialkot to Mumbai and from Mumbai to Meerut finally settling in Jalandhar. In the year 1962, the present CMD of the company, Vijay Kharbanda, joined with his father and started manufacturing a full range of leather hand stitched  balls, soccer, volleyball, handball, basketball under Nivia Sports.
Hannah. Elizabeth Stubbs, Staff Nurse, Territorial Force Nursing Service
Pirai raises in Kasta in Kheri district and after crossing the north-eastern border of pargana Maholi has a very winding course and flow through the pargana of Sitapur to join the Sarayan on its right, a short distance below Sitapur city.
Due to the multilingual character of the area and linguistic changes in the intervening thousand years, his name appears in sources with a range of spellings:  these include Kazellin, Chazelinus, Cazelin, Cacellino, Chacelo, Chazil, Chazilo, Chadalhoch and Kadeloch.
In late October Count Pahlen, ridden by Geoff Baxter, started a 25/1 outsider in a thirteen-runner field for the Group One William Hill Futurity over one mile at Doncaster Racecourse. The favourite was the Henry Cecil-trained Paradis Terrestre, a seven-length winner of his only previous start whils the other runners included Norwick (Royal Lodge Stakes), End of the Line (July Stakes), Assert, Jalmood (unbeaten in three starts), Super Sunrise and Ashenden. After tracking the leaders, Count Pahlen went to the front three furlongs out, got the better of a sustained struggle and held off the late challenges of Paradis Terrestre and Jalmood to win by half a length and a head. The colt's victory gave Baxter a first Group One win.
In 2010 and 2012 he was a candidate for the Ambrogino d'oro (Gold Medal awarded by the city of Milan) with the support of Coni Lombardia, of Federazione Italiana Scherma (Italian Fencing Association) and of the Sports Department of Milan City Council.14
Hutton was an Australian ambassador to Lebanon, Egypt, the Sudan and finally to Switzerland, where he was also Representative to the UN Human Rights Commission.
Suhai is the  daughter of Aziz Talpur who is a political activist and writer. She belongs to a lower middle class family of Bhai Khan Talpur village in Tando Muhammad Khan district.
Hayley married the daughter of Sir Thomas Mears and had one son Thomas and a daughter Anne. He died at his house in Great Russell Street on 30 October 1715 and is buried in the chancel of St Giles in the Fields. William's younger brother, Thomas also became Dean of Chichester Cathedral. William was great uncle to the writer William Hayley.
Jamshidi has been working individually and with different groups including Chakad and Dilan ensembles. He established Dilan Ensemble in 2003.
Alemayehu was born December 31, 1945 in Chicago, Illinois to parents of African, American Indian, and European descent.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2016.
Temp Maj. John Samuel Anderson, Army Pay Department
Capt. Roger Bark Corfield
The 2005 Star World Championships were held in Buenos Aires, Argentina February 12-18, 2005.
Castling does not exist in Grant Acedrex. On its first move, however, a king may make a diagonal or orthogonal leap of two squares (Betza notation AD) in addition to its normal moves.
Henning Jarnskor (born 15 November 1972) is one of Faroese's most experienced football players. Now retired from playing.
Adriana Tovar (born 21 February 1983) is a Colombian professional racing cyclist. She won the Colombian National Road Race Championships in 2016.
On the institute's formal establishment in 1990 Engle, as its creator, became its Chair and CEO, a post he held for 22 years until his retirement in 2012. By then he had guided its development into "a worldwide and influential  organisation bringing together the highest standards of modern science and contemplative practice".
This method is advantageous in that it allows multiple mutations to be introduced into the genome in one experiment. It also has vastly improved efficiency over previous technologies and allows for almost any kind of mutation with ease. These advantages make the CRISPR/Cas9 recombination technique the most promising for application in human health. However, major drawbacks exist, including, most prominently, off-target cleavage that can result in unintended genome disruptions.
Jason X.-J. Yuan (born 1963) is an American physician scientist whose research interests center on pulmonary vascular pathobiology and pulmonary hypertension. His current research is primarily focused on the pathogenic mechanisms of pulmonary vascular diseases and right heart failure.
In Sep 1509, Luigi d'Apera was appointed by Pope Julius II as Bishop of Terni. He served as Bishop of Terni until his death in 1520. 
The physical CD single debuted at number 6 in the Oricon daily singles chart.
The regiment lost a total of 174 men during service; 6 officers and 102 enlisted men killed or mortally wounded, 2 officers and 64 enlisted men died of disease.
Beside thorium cerianite-(Ce) may contain trace niobium, yttrium, lanthanum, ytterbium, zirconium and tantalum.
Zotalemimon chapaense is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1966. It is known from Vietnam.
The 1998 Adelaide Rams season was the Adelaide Rams' second and final season as a rugby league club. They competed in the first season of the National Rugby League.
The borough was abolished in 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972 and combined with Mansfield Woodhouse Urban District and Warsop Urban District to form the new Mansfield district.
Previn recorded, performed and toured with a variety of bands and artists in diverse musical genres, playing across the globe on singles and CDs. She was also a member of the Irish rock group In Tua Nua as well as The Young Dubliners. She appeared on television in the U.S. and internationally in music TV shows, commercials, videos and MTV music videos. She also performed on Jay Leno's Tonight Show in 1993 with "The Cages" with British talk-show host Des O'Connor. Previn was nominated at the San Diego Music Awards in 2013 as best female musician with now disbanded group "Folding Mr. Lincoln".
Shah Alam Transfer Station or SATS is a solid waste transfer station located in Section 21, Shah Alam. The site can be accessed by Jalan Puchong via KESAS Highway and Persiaran Jubli Perak via Federal Highway. SATS and it's transportation system is owned by the Ministry of Urban Wellbeing, Housing and Local Government (KPKT) through SWCorp while Worldwide Holdings Bhd through WHB Environment appointed as the maintenance operator (concessionaire). SATS costs Worldwide in average RM800,000 a month to operate and currently sending all waste compacted there to a sanitary landfill in Jeram, Kuala Selangor using special roll-off containers (silos) mounted on a haulage trailers. Apart of SATS that built at Shah Alam, there are four more such similar transfer stations in Malaysia which located at Taman Beringin in Kuala Lumpur, Taruka at Johor, and another two at Batu Maung and Ampang Jajar, both located in Penang.
He originally trained and operated as a pharmacist and only in later life took up study in Anatomy, branching from here to Animal Anatomy. He began lecturing at Edinburgh University in 1919. He concurrently began lecturing in Animal Physiology at the Dick Veterinary College nearby. He received a PhD from the university in 1923. From 1930 he continued at the Vet College but exchanged his university lecturing for a role as Biochemist at the Animal Disease Research Association. In 1935 he ceased the latter role to concentrate on a new role as Professor of Physiology at the Dick Veterinary College where he continued until retiral in 1946. 
Because a free pop music concert and fireworks show was planned, sections of Millennium Point were fenced off. Either marshals and/or police were stationed at a few points so as to prevent any minor crimes, like pickpocketing. Trouble breaking out may have been contributed by party-goers becoming over-excited, plus the unofficial presence of alcohol.
Tmp Lt. Arthur Tremayne Miles, King's African Rifles
Sgt. J. Smith, Royal Field Arty. (Lye, Stourbridge)
parallel streaks from the costa, separated from it and from each other by fulvous interspaces, the first violet-leaden-metallic, white on the costa, black-edged posteriorly, dilated downwards, terminating in an elongate-oval violet-leaden-metallic spot in the disc, the second white, terminating in the same spot. There is an inwardly oblique white strigula from the costa midway between this and the apex and a thick excurved pale bronzy-metallic transverse streak close before the lower part of the termen, its upper end preceded by a triangular blackish spot, the terminal area beyond this white containing a black mark at the base of the indentation and another between this and the apex of the tornal prominence, the terminal edge dark fuscous with a short projection between these two black marks. The hindwings are grey.
A less common lineup is to have lead vocals, two guitarists of varying types and two drummers, e.g. Adam and the Ants.
''Winner's time:'' 6 mins 35.00 secs
He also received a Master of Library Science degree from the University of Michigan School of Information in 1989.
The riding of Calgary Midnapore is vacant as Conservative MP Jason Kenney has resigned his seat effective September 23, 2016 in order to seek the leadership of the Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta. The electoral district was created for the 2015 federal election and has had Kenney as its only MP, however predecessor ridings from which Calgary Midnapore was created had, since the 1993 federal election, successively elected Reform Party, Canadian Alliance and Conservative Party of Canada MPs.
Gezeitenwende, Ostfriesische Literatur der 90er-Jahre, (Schriftleitung), De Utrooper Verlag, Aurich 1996.
Dr. Khaled Mohammed Al-Harr as a Member
Gorrequer first came into contact with Sir Hudson Lowe whilst serving in Sicily and the Ionian Islands. When Lowe was appointed as the Governor of St. Helena, he offered Gorrequer the position of Aide-de-Campe and Acting Military Secretary. Gorrequer accepted this position and arrived on St. Helena in the Phaeton on April 14, 1816.
A 18-year-old figure skater from the Czech Republic, Emil has a pure heart and mannerly disposition, which makes it easy for Michele to boss him around. He has a dynamic skating style and likes playing extreme sports during the off-season, which makes his coach nervous and worry.   
A year later, she returned to the MacDowell Colony to work on her second novel, Dead Lovers Are Faithful Lovers (1928), which was also banned in Boston for erotic content.
In April 2013, the Ministry of Communication confirms the granting of approval to Ennahar TV, next to Echorouk TV and El Djazairia. But this administrative authorization is provisional and it was valid until 31 December 2013.
Commenting on Zaidi's proficiency in poetry, critic Syed Sirajuddin observed that her poems "have a somewhat dry, cognitive quality and she keeps an incipient romanticism at bay with her intellection".
Geoffrey married Beatrix de Ramerupt, daughter of Hilduin IV, Count of Montdidier, and Alice de Roucy.  Geoffrey and Beatrix had four children:
According to Techhive this is the best cord-cutting application.
North East Wolverhampton Academy offers GCSEs as programmes of study for pupils, while students in the sixth form have the option to study from a range of A-levels and BTECs.
Unlike in South Africa where routes are clearly numbered and labeled as such, most roads in Zimbabwe are publicly known by their common names or destinations.
Working as freelance cartoonist, artist and graphic designer. The cartoons and drawings have been published in various leading newspaper and magazines (since 2006). More than a thousand political and general cartoons, illustrations, cover pages and poems have been published. Most of the cartoons, Artworks, etc. have been displayed in countries outside India like Poland, Croatia, Russia, Turkey, Brazil, Ukraine, Greece, Macedonia, Argentina, Italy, etc.
Constructed in 1891 on a headland affording panoramic views of the northern and eastern approaches to Townsville harbour, the small fortification at Kissing Point evocatively demonstrates theories and practices regarding fixed points of coastal defence working in concert with naval power, which had considerable currency in the late nineteenth century after all Imperial garrisons had been withdrawn from the Australian colonies. These types of fortifications were built at various points of strategic importance - such as Lytton and Green Hill on Thursday Island, also in Queensland; Fort Scratchley and Bare Island Fort in New South Wales; Fort Queenscliff and others on Port Phillip Bay in Victoria; and Fort Glanville in South Australia - and provide important evidence of how the colonies devised and operated their own schemes of defence. The Kissing Point fortification highlights the role Townsville played as an early, important Queensland port serving a vibrant regional economy.
St Phillip's Church in Attercliffe was destroyed by bombing during World War II, and although War Damage compensation was available, population decline in that area led the Diocese of Sheffield to request that the money be transferred to the Woodthorpe parish.  This was agreed, and Etchells was asked to update his previous design.  However, Etchells had largely retired, and rejected the job.  Instead, Basil Spence was given the commission.  Initially, he produced a design similar to his work at St Hugh, Leicester, but in 1957 he completely altered the designs, working with Anthony Blee who produced drawings of the elevations.  This new design was for a brick church, with an attached hall, bell tower attached by a glazed passage, and a detached vicarage.  Its appearance, largely plain, with narrow windows, was inspired by Eliel and Eero Saarinen's Christ Evangelical Church in Minneapolis.
Vijay Kale was elected from the Shivajinagar assembly constituency, Maharashtra.
Conference USA saw some drastic changes to its membership prior to the season. Eight teams, Charlotte (Atlantic 10), Cincinnati (Big East), DePaul (Big East), Louisville (Big East), Marquette (Big East), Saint Louis (Atlantic 10), South Florida (Big East), and TCU (Mountain West), departed the conference, while six new teams were added, Marshall (MAC), Rice (WAC), SMU (WAC), Tulsa (WAC), UCF (Sun Belt), and UTEP (WAC). Total membership settled at twelve teams.
After retiring from the post of governor he was delegated to the Federation Council as a representative of the executive power of the region. He was a member of the State Expert Council under the Russian President on a particularly valuable objects of the cultural heritage of the peoples of the Russian Federation and a member of the Government Commission on the implementation of the national policy framework.
In May 2013, he left Wrexham and secured a move to Forest Green Rovers where he agreed a two-year contract. He scored his first goal for Forest Green on the opening day of the 2013-14 season in an 8-0 home win over Hyde. 
Because of his excellent showing in 1894 Maber received a trophy from the Petone club.
Okwu is the winner of three Emmys and Cable Ace Awards, five LA Press Awards, a National Headliner Award, and a features prize from the National Association of Black Journalists.
In A hand book, or guide, for strangers visiting Malta, written by Thomas MacGill in 1839, it is mentioned that "not a vestige of temple is now visible". The archaeologist Antonio Annetto Caruana, writing in 1882, recorded that some of the remains discovered in 1710 and 1747 were in private collections, including that of Mr. Sant Fournier.
The complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2016.
It was abolished in 1996 after it was redistributed.
Datta and Asif analyzed the algorithm's ability to identify coding regions of different lengths in chromosome III of C. elegans. Longer coding sequences are detected with higher probability. This seems to be a consequence of the Uncertainty principle (shorter-time signals spread out in frequency content) and the fact that fewer codons are provided in shorter sequences.
On 5 October, Dark Angel was stepped up to Group One class for the Middle Park Stakes at Newmarket. The Gimcrack Stakes winner Sir Gerry was made the 2/1 favourite with Dark Angel on 8/1 whilst the other runners included Tajdeef (also trained by Barry Hiils), Strike The Deal, Dream Eater and Achilles of Troy. Dark Angel took the early lead before settling in second behind the outsider Proud Linus. He regained the advantage at half way and ran on well despite hanging to the right and won by half a length from Strike The Deal with Tajdeef a neck away in third. After the race Barry Hills said "I think he'll be a sprinter next year. I can't see him getting a mile but who knows". On his final appearance, Dark Angel was moved up in distance for the Dewhurst Stakes over seven furlongs two weeks later. He led for the first half mile but then dropped away quickly to finish ninth of the ten runners behind New Approach.
Last Triumph is an independent record label, based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The label was co-founded by JR Hadaway and Nick Morris, also known as DJ, "Nimo The Hooligan". It also became the world's first B Corporation certified record label in November 2014.
Fact called it a "bizarre, brilliant DIY record".
He also played in the Premier Development League for FC Tucson in 2014.
The Association of Women Clerks and Secretaries (AWCS) was a British trade union from 1912 to 1941.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Ripon in 1589.
John de Evyas (fl. 1295), was an English politician.
Green is a noted scholar on the subject of American Sephardi and Mizrahi, the sociology of Judaism, and South Florida Jewry. He has published several articles on the subject of Jewish demographics in South Florida, and wrote the biography of Rabbi Leon Kronish, the spiritual leader of Temple Beth Sholom from 1944-1984, and a notable figure both among South Florida Jewry and in American Reform Judaism in general.
Suzannah Harvey is an ex-model who is currently CEO of Cotswold Airport (Kemble), based near Cirencester, Gloucestershire, England. Cotswold Airport is the largest privately owned airport in Europe.
A modern science block was opened in 1950. There were around 500 girls at the school in the 1960s.
Several publications were contributed by CCH to scientific journals. So far, the subjects covered include the individual, societal and economical impact of obesity, obesity data collection and organisation, treatment of adolescent obesity, and the impact of obesity on reproductive health.
In both their personal correspondence as well as in numerous professional publications, both Newman and Salazar used this orthographic convention, as can be seen in the various citations made in this article, as well as in the Bibliography. Even Salazar's wife wrote her letters in accordance to this practice.
Grayhall is a historic mansion in Beverly Hills, California, U.S. 
'''Major Torres''': A scientist who is in control of the Splitter.
The Modern Art Museum of Yerevan was the first to specialize in contemporary and modern art in the Soviet Union. The first exposition consisted of works from the 1960s, created by artists who originated from Armenia and the Armenian Diaspora. These artists include Minas Avetisian, Ashot Hovhannisian, Martin Petrosian, Hakob Hakobian, Gayane Khachaturian, Vruyr Galstian, Henry Elibekyan, Robert Elibekyan, Harutyun Galents, Rudolf Khachatrian, and Ashot Bayandour. The museum currently displays many pieces from this exposition, which were kept as donations from the artists.
Fem unga ("Five Young Ones" or "Five Young Men") is a Swedish anthology published in 1929 and the name of the literary group formed by the five young proletarian writers who contributed to it: Erik Asklund, Josef Kjellgren, Artur Lundkvist, Harry Martinson and Gustav Sandgren. Fem unga played a key role in introducing literary modernism in Swedish literature.
K. Varalakshmi was married to Kala Ram Mohan Rao in 1964. They have three children. Their son, K. Ravindra Phaniraj is a Tourism Project consultant in Hyderabad. Elder daughter, Dr. K. Geeta is an eminent Telugu poetry writer. Their younger daughter, Sri Lalitha is also a story writer.
The beach houses two water in-take structures that feed Aberthaw Power Station.
The Samsung Galaxy A5 (2015) was announced on October 2014 and released on December 2014. It is considered as a successor to the Samsung Galaxy Alpha.
Chryseobacterium camelliae  is a Gram-negative, strictly aerobic, rod-shaped and non motile bacteria from the genus of Chryseobacterium which has been isolated from green tea in Jangheung-gun in Korea.
Then, for seven years, one after another on a screen out films with the actor, who consolidated his success among the audience and made Yuri Belov one of the most popular actors of the Soviet cinema. Here are the most popular: The Girl Without an Address, Spring on Zarechnaya Street, The Unamenables, The Queen of Gas Station. In the last two films, he played in a pair with Nadezhda Rumyantseva - took a magnificent actor's duet. Later he was an actor of State Theatre of film actor.
This species is distinguished from other mosquito orchids by its relatively large, well-spaced, dark coloured flowers and by the dorsal sepal which does not cover the column.
15 November 1942: The NAS Quonset Point headquarters detachment of VP-82, 12 aircraft, and a few RAF aircraft of No. 53 Squadron deployed to NAS Argentia. ASW patrols and convoy coverage began on 17 November.
Kristel's going to a beautyfarm for a weekend. Karen and Josje are helping Bas at the kennel(hotel for animals), but Kristel doesn't know this. By switching the gps's the girls arrived at the wrong place. Karen knows this, but Josje doesn't. So Karen wants her to think the beatyfarm is a kettel. When they find out the kettel may be broken down the girls come together to save the kettel.
The fauna is typical of the mountain region, and includes some species new to science.
In 2014 Russia's animal protection regulations received an F out of possible grades A,B,C,D,E,F,G on World Animal Protection's Animal Protection Index.
Tabletop Cemetery is one of a group of 6 cemeteries located on the former Croydon goldfield, and is still legible as an early burial ground. 23 potential burial sites have been identified, with remnant surviving fabric including 6 graves with headstones or grave markers, one of which is in the style of a Chinese grave marker. At least three of the graves have iron-railing surrounds. The place has the potential to yield information about the early history of the inhabitants of the field; in particular, a clearer understanding of ethnic, social, and religious background and attitudes within the mining community, through further investigation of the placement, inscriptions, type of materials used, or information relating to the deceased such as age or religion.
Ockerman was hired as the school's head football coach in August 1949. He had played football, basketball and baseball at the school from 1924 to 1927. He replaced Elton Rynearson who had been the school's head football coach for more than 25 years. Rynearson continued to serve as the school's athletic director.
Marina is a 1960 West German musical film directed by Paul Martin and starring Giorgia Moll, Rocco Granata and Bubi Scholz.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Wehner is a "vocal critic of the Obama administration," contending that President Obama has "undermined America's moral self-confidence."
Lars Olsen (born 29 June 1965) is a Danish former cyclist. He competed in the team pursuit event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Warren has been criticized for what some describe as a lax attitude toward Leave No Trace principles.  In the 1990s, the Appalachian Trail Conservancy removed a bathtub he had placed in a river in Virginia.  Warren has led his groups to cross the Kennebunc river by fording, a practice the Maine Appalachian Trail Club says is dangerous as the volume of water flowing in the river can increase rapidly when an upstream dam is opened
Cantus Umbrarum is the fourth studio album by Lightwave, released in 2000 by Horizon Music.
Implemented an early version of DISPLAY82 at the Mayo Clinic (Biodynamics Research Unit) in 1980 and revised again in 1981. This initial effort, which triggered widespread use of 3D in Mayo for research, led to the development of ANALYZE, a package Mayo Clinic has subsequently developed and commercialized.
The association was dissolved in 1982 because of financial problems.
He is also the only Turkmen to ever medal at the World Wrestling Championships, winning a silver in 2002 in Moscow at -55 kg. He defeated defending world champion Hassan Rangraz in the semifinals before losing to Geidar Mamedaliyev in the gold medal match.
The gens Tarpeia was a plebeian family of ancient Rome. The family was active until the period of the early Roman Republic. Only one member of the family, Spurius Tarpeius Montanus Capitolinus, is mentioned independent of the legendary accounts of Livy.
Some of the prisoners were as young as 12.
In 1924, whereas Egyptian nationality had been established (up to then Egyptians were subjects of the Ottoman Empire), civil servants could not be foreigners.King Fuad then appointed him Secretary of the Royal Geographical Society. There he continued his research in bibliography and geography. With father Bovier-Lapierre, Munier created the museum of Ethnography still opened to visits.
Miller joined the law firm Burkett and Miller in Dayton, Tennessee in 1889. It later became known as Burkett, Miller and Mansfield. Miller co-founded Burkett, Miller and Moore in Chattanooga, Tennessee in 1906 with his uncle, T. M. Burkett, and C. C. Moore. By 1919, he co-founded another law firm with his sons. When Linton Martin became a partner, the law firm became known as Miller, Miller and Martin.
Connect is a new social network analysis software data mining computer system developed by HMRC (UK) that cross-references business's and people's tax records with other databases to establish fraudulent or undisclosed (misdirected) activity.
BBC Radio 1's Dance Anthems is a radio show broadcast on BBC Radio 1. It airs twice weekly; on Fridays between 6pm and 7pm hosted by Greg James featuring feel good dance tracks and remixes of current popular songs, and on Saturdays between 4pm and 7pm with Danny Howard, including a variety of features such as a "Future Anthem", "Push The Tempo", the "Radio 1 Dance Chart", a "Back 2 Back" mix with Howard and another guest DJ, and a live mix from Howard himself for the final 30 minutes of the show. Former features include "Trending Tracks" and "Victory Dance".
Article 199 of Book 1 of the Burgerlijk Wetboek determines that the man who recognises a child becomes the child's legal father. This can be done by a public instrument, or by an act of recognition, completed by a officer of the Register office. It also the lists situations where 'recognition' may be considered invalid.
The Men's Cup was won by Guildford and the Women's Cup was won by Slough. 
The project was ultimately determined to be unfeasible.  Tillett suggested that the cluster identifiers used by the Virtual International Authority File might meet the needs expressed in the proposal.
That same year, he won the Tournament of Spain in the category of less than 49 kg, when he defeated Gustavo de la Nuez in the final. 
It is not certain what impact the message had on the decision makings for the declaration of war. Anyway, the alleged incident is being mentioned in the German declaration of war on France on August 3, 1914, which was presented at 6 pm. The message had already been passed on to Italy and England on August 2 without further verification, although at that time it was probably clear it was a hoax because the Prussian envoy in Munich had telegraphed to the Chancellor on the evening of August 2 that the report is not confirmed. (alleged arrival of the telegram was only in the afternoon of August 3).
Beth Potter (born 27 December 1991) is a British long-distance runner. She competed for Great Britain at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
Mariya Korobitskaya (born 10 May 1990) is a Kyrgyzstani long distance runner who specialises in the marathon. She competed in the women's marathon event at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Adolphe Robert (1833 in Melun) was a 19th-century French historian and biographer.
Women trained at the College would come from a variety of denominational backgrounds and eventually work in the Scottish Highlands and amongst Jewish communities, but also overseas in Africa, China, and India.
Lalita Kumari has penned and translated around 50 publications. The most popular ones are listed below:
These three sheds are joined to form a single composite structure. All have skillion roofs. They consist of the fuel shed, a wooden framed, corrugated iron shed; the pipe rack storage cage, an open sided structure with a corrugated iron roof; and the detonator store, a small weatherboard shed elevated on short stumps.
The series was first broadcast on Channel 4 in the 8pm-9pm slot on Sunday nights.
Theosophy played a significant role in bringing knowledge of South Asian religions to Western countries, as well as in encouraging cultural pride in various South Asian nations. A variety of prominent artists and writers have also been influenced by Theosophical teachings. Theosophical ideas have also exerted an influence on a wide range of other esoteric movements and philosophies, among them Anthroposophy and the New Age.
Banda was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2014 and traveled to neighboring South Africa for medical care. She returned to Zambia on January 10, 2015, following several months of medical treatment.
Julius von Ehren (23 August 1864, Hamburg - 8 November 1944, Hamburg) was a German  Post-Impressionist painter.
The Frights are an American surf punk band from San Diego, California consisting of Mikey Carnevale (guitar/lead vocals), Richard Dotson (bass/vocals), and Marc Finn (drums). The band are currently signed to Dangerbird Records.
The following is the Iranian roster in the 2016 Asian Cup Championship.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
As of September 2017, it is a ten episode series.  The episodes are:
Maria Suely Silva Campos  (born March 14, 1953) is a Brazilian businesswoman and politician. She is currently governor of Roraima since January 2015. She is affiliated with the Progressive Party (Brazil).
It has developed activities, and in 1569 there was also a moated playhouse. Further owners were: Petronella Aerts Hull, Johanna Hujoel, the family Van der Goes, and Henry Hill Werve. The latter was well off to Balthasar Moretus, descendant of the famous Antwerp printer Jan Moretus. It is now well known as Moretushof, also called Crayenhof.
The kinglets are a small family of birds which resemble the titmice. They are very small insectivorous birds in the genus Regulus. The adults have colored crowns, giving rise to their name. In Rhode Island, two species have been recorded.
The Men's 60 m wheelchair 1B was one of the events held in Athletics at the 1972 Summer Paralympics in Heidelberg.
A Neoclassical painter by the same name (1759-1788) was born in Savignano sul Rubicone, Emilia-Romagna.
Francis Anthony "Frank" Donovan (born 28 January 1947) is a former Australian politician who was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1987 to 1993. A Vietnam veteran, Donovan worked as a social worker before entering politics. He was a member of the Labor Party until 1991, when he resigned to sit as an independent.
The VB-3 Razon was a high-angle freefall guided bomb developed by the United States Army Air Force during the 1940s. Razon (for range and azimuth only) was a standard M65 1,000-pound general purpose bomb fitted with flight control surfaces. Development of the Razon began in 1942, but it did not see use during World War II although it was combat ready in the summer of 1945. The VB-4 used a 2,000-pound bomb.
born June 17, 1991 in Osaka is a Japanese football player. He plays for Azul Claro Numazu.
Support the organs of the National Management System Crisis, assuming the functions of Technical Secretariat of the Government Commission for Crisis Situations and those that determine the Prime Minister.
A post office called Jack was established in 1905, and remained in operation until 1954. An early postmaster gave the community the first name of his son, Jack Jadwin.  
Dynamic, adaptive, and data-driven analysis and decision-making methodologies.
Sliney is a volunteer for the Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI) based locally. He is also a long time Everton fan and has created art for them.
The temple was built in 1887, and has undergone several recent renovations. The temple was originally established as a religious centre for Chinese migrants who had arrived from Guangdong, Qing Dynasty. It was built by Chinese communities of Cantonese, Teochew, Hakkas and the Hainanese people. The temple are also called as "Three Saints Temple" with the three saints refers to:
District 7 (HQ :  Kimberley) covered the major urban area of the diamond-mining province of Griqualand West.
This table includes number of wins, second- and third-place finishes per year excluding UCI level 2 races.
Later he moved to Boulogne-sur-Mer, where he remained. There one of his students was Alexandre Guilmant whom he taught harmony, counterpoint and fugue.
"Two Thousand Years of Oriental Ceramics" (1961). 
The race was won by Doug Whiteford driving a Maserati 300S.
Rachel Kerr holds a BA in Law and Sociology from the University of Warwick.
Lea has been a lifelong supporter of the British Heart Foundation, despite sadly losing her father to a fatal heart attack in 1996. 
